The economy is still improving but there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs report:
Now, more than ever, we must do these things together, as one nation and one people. President Obama
Bill from Virginia shares how President Obama s policies helped him start his small business:
Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the #SCOTUS vacancy:
Want more proof that @OFA volunteers make an impact? See how they're #NotBackingDown on gun violence prevention:
Speaking about tax cuts and unemployment benefits at 6:10pm ET. Watch live:
"There s no better place to do business than right here in the United States of America." President Obama #ABetterBargain
A sneak preview of the President s visit to the @Late_Show, airing tonight at 11:35pm ET:
I need you to help get out the vote if everybody who fought for change in '08 shows up in '10, we'll win this election.
FACT: The Romney-Ryan plan to turn Medicare into a voucher system could force new retirees to pay up to $6,400 more a year for health care.
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." President Obama #SOTU
Today s one of the last fundraising deadlines of this campaign. Pitch in $5 to help make sure we keep moving forward:
Make sure your friends know why more than 9 in 10 Americans want Congress to pass universal background checks:
"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." President Obama #IranDeal
Health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country.
It's FEC deadline day will you donate $3 or whatever you can to support President Obama before midnight tonight?
How many #Obama2012 supporters are like you? Of 2 million donors, find out how many have your name in your state:
President Obama on the payroll tax cut extension: "This is some good news, just in the nick of time for the holidays."
Organizers, infographics, murals, and cake now pinning all of the above for #Obama2012 on Pinterest:
Watch: These people are why the Affordable Care Act matters.
WATCH: The President has a special message for you.
We are not going back to the days when it was acceptable to charge women more than men for the same health care. President Obama
Thanks to health care reform, Doris finally has an affordable plan.
Watch: The #TeaPartyShutdown is a manufactured crisis. Tell @SpeakerBoehner this must end:
The economy added 280,000 jobs in May marking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
See if you pay a higher tax rate than some millionaires and billionaires do:
Want to help move the country forward? You might be interested in this:
President Obama is in Iowa to speak about why the manufacturing sector is so important to the U.S. economy. Watch live:
On to the House. #Immigration
Introducing Educators for Obama a new group for teachers and education professionals who support the President:
"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." President Obama #ACAWorks
"I am proud of the work we did to get that health care law passed. It was the right thing to do." President Obama
Another reason to support #Obamacare: protection for kids with pre-existing conditions.
Health care reform is all about #BetterCare for you and your family:
"And I will not go back to the days when Wall Street was allowed to play by its own set of rules." #SOTU
"That bill would strengthen our borders, grow our economy, shrink our deficits." President Obama on the Senate-passed immigration bill
We can help big factories and small businesses double their exports. We can create a million new manufacturing jobs in the next 4 years.
"We should do as much as we can as quickly as we can, and we cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good." VP Biden
President Obama in Virginia last night: This election is "a choice between two very different visions for our future."
Pres. Obama: "I want everybody to remember that this has never been easy." #hc09
The percentage of uninsured Americans is decreasing. Health care reform is working:
RT @GovernorOMalley: GM now ranks 5th in the Fortune 500 list. President Obama, thank you for believing in American manufacturing. #p2
In the President's #SOTU, he laid out plans to develop clean-energy sources that create jobs and protect resources:
See the latest videos and subscribe to @youtube channels:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Five ways President Obama is supporting economic opportunities for women:
Chag sameach: "Michelle and I send our warmest wishes to all those celebrating Passover."
FACT: Economists predict #immigration reform could boost farm output by $2 billion in 2014.
President Obama will speak at the MLK Memorial dedication on Sunday. What does Dr. King s legacy mean to you?
FACT: In 2014, Obamacare will expand Medicaid to nearly all adults with incomes up to 138% of the poverty level. #TeamObamacare
Watch: President Obama says it's time to end the #shutdown and get back to the work of the American people.
We believe America only works when we accept certain responsibilities for ourselves, and also for others. President Obama
My message to Congress is, get to work. President Obama urges Congress to pass his jobs plan:
Our new infographic takes a by-the-numbers look at how the #ACA is helping Americans:
Mississippi voters: Tweet @RogerWicker and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution. #compromise
Read why @FLOTUS is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education.
Make sure you're covered to start March:
Here's to the country we love. Happy Fourth. -bo
Crowds literally as far as the eye can see, waiting for President Obama in Richmond, VA:
"An economy built to last is one where we encourage the talent and ingenuity of every person in this country."
Summer isn t over yet: Get your #Obama2012 tank top today.
We are going to rebuild this economy stronger than before, and at the heart of it are going to be three powerful words: "Made in America."
Have you picked up a limited-edition #Obama2012 hashtag shirt yet?
Tell Congress: Your best idea in 2013 can't be the worst idea from 1995:
President Obama on #immigration reform: "We have a unique opportunity to fix our broken system ... We just need Congress to finish the job."
Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now:
The election is in 12 weeks stay in the loop by subscribing to the #Obama2012 YouTube channel:
Our new favorite t-shirt.
Today we grieve for those we ve lost, honor those who have sacrificed, and do our best to live up to the values we share.
Pitch in $5 now and you ll be automatically entered for the chance to join the President for Election Night in Chicago:
Congress should focus on creating jobs, not cutting vital services for middle-class families. #JobsNotCuts,
"The time has come for comprehensive sensible #ImmigrationReform." President Obama at a naturalization ceremony:
Raising the wage, equal pay for equal work, reining in student loan debt go #OnTheRecord in support of action:
We cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme Court.
It's #WomensHistoryMonth. Show your support and #StandWithWomen.
"Today I'm here to simply say thank you." President Obama to #OFASummit
RT if you agree: We can't afford to let Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan take us back to the same failed policies that crashed our economy.
The two sides of Mitt Romney can t agree on much except wanting to be President. Watch:
Mitt Romney said he would get rid of Planned Parenthood. Stand with the President in support of women's health:
By the end of 2013 I will employ 40 people 40 people! If you had told me this in 2008, I would not have believed it.
@CoachChrisGoBV: It s great to see #SOTU2012 hosts like you getting fired up for Tuesday send any great party photos our way.
Make sure your representatives know where you stand on raising the minimum wage:
LIVE: President Obama is talking at a town hall about getting the Latino community covered.
Find out how you can help reduce gun violence and protect our kids then RT so your friends can, too:
Every time this number goes up, it means one more person just said they're tired of Obama-bashing from GOP candidates:
Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight months but there's more to do.
RT @JamesDusenberry: Einstein, @OFA_NV's newest 4 legged supporter showing his support for #Obama2012!
"The good news is today ... our businesses have added over 10 million jobs in the past 52 months." President Obama #ReadyToWork
President Obama to propose "Buffett Rule," asking millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share:
Obama: "Police chiefs are asking for our help to get weapons of war and massive ammunition magazines off our streets." #NowIsTheTime
Fly for free to the last Dinner with Barack:
Make sure your senators know you support the President's plan to reduce gun violence call them now:
If there's one thing we learned in 2008, it's that nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for change.
"The decisions we made to rescue our economy ... all those things are starting to pay off." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote:
"Please, stay awesome, true to your beliefs, and keep our country running because you have already done so much."
"Even if Republicans in Congress refuse to budge on this issue this year, everyone knows America deserves a raise." President Obama
Mitt Romney says class sizes don't matter. If you're an educator who thinks otherwise, share your story here:
The senators who voted against background checks for gun sales want you to forget. Show them you won't:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon.
"You guys give me confidence. You guys give me hope. I really need all of you to get out and vote on Nov 2."
Press Secretary @BenLaBolt on the top 10 ways Mitt Romney would stack the deck against the middle class:
Fight back against the other side's scare tactics:
If you agree women should earn #EqualPay for equal work, get your name #OnTheRecord:
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic #IranDeal at @AmericanU:
"This is our first task as a society: Keeping our children safe." President Obama
On voting early today: I can t tell you who I m voting for because it s a secret ballot. The good news is, Michelle said she voted for me.
Happening now: President Obama joins a #FiresideHangout live from the White House.
FACT: Romney and Ryan don't have a plan for our troops in Afghanistan. The President has a clear plan to end the war in 2014. #DetailsMatter
Watch: Thanks to people like you, millions more Americans now have health coverage and peace of mind.
Tough times, brightening skies. Watch today's address on job creation:
The President's #ImmigrationAction will be good for the economy but opponents are standing in the way:
Folks with Republican representatives in Michigan: Make sure your representative knows you support a compromise in the deficit debate.
"In this year of action, we're going to work with states and communities to make high quality pre-K available." President Obama #ConnectEd
Our Vote 2010 campaign wouldn't have been possible without you. Take a look at the work we did together and add your story.
Almost here: The 2014 State of the Union address starts soon.
President Obama: "Joe Biden is literally a man who is in love with a teacher."
Cherlene's pre-existing condition meant her old health premium was $600 a month. Now, it's less than $100:
This is serious. Add your voice and tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
In a single moment, with the simplest of gestures, she helped change America and change the world. President Obama on Rosa Parks
President Obama refused to let the American auto industry die:
"We went through the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. We've climbed back." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"Economic patriotism says it's a good thing when we close wasteful tax loopholes and invest in education." President Obama
"America is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." President Obama
"Nationwide over 1 million high school students did not fill out the FAFSA form ... fill out the form." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Follow @TruthTeam2012 tonight for live fact checks and analysis of the final presidential debate.
Today, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy.
"I believe in an optimistic America that is making progress." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Make an informed choice when choosing a health care plan:
Happy birthday to the amazing @Oprah Winfrey.
WATCH: President Obama is addressing the United Nations General Assembly now.
President Obama, your neighbors, and you. Host a State of the Union watch party with supporters in your community:
What making college more affordable looks like:
We don t need a President who plans to shift jobs overseas _I want to give tax breaks to companies that are investing right here in Ohio.
The budget deal that passed the House today is a bipartisan achievement and an important step in the right direction but there's more to do.
Babies for Obama:
It s time to start getting fired up for #DNC2012 in North Carolina sign up now to be in the know on the latest updates:
President Obama: I will never allow politicians in Washington to control health care choices that women should be making for themselves.
President Obama: We ve been inspired these past few days because when disaster strikes, we see America at its best.
"...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela
Photo of the day: The White House was lit pink last night in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month
HealthCare.gov explains your new consumer rights and benefits under the Affordable Care Act and helps you find the right insurance option.
Bundled-up Coloradans for Obama:
I don t know if he knows how many lives he s changing by just saying that simple thing. He's saving lives.
As the tax-cut plan is debated in Congress, I want to make clear the real difference it will make in people s lives:
Read the truth about economic opportunity:
"If you're one of the 85% of Americans who already have insurance, you already have an array of new benefits in place." President Obama
This Veterans Day, write a note to thank our veterans for their service:
Joining teachers in the Rose Garden to urge the House to pass aid that will save 160,000 teacher jobs. Watch
President Obama: This morning, we found out that the unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since I took office.
More than half a million @OFA supporters have gone #OnTheRecord for expanding economic opportunity. Join in:
Mourning the death of Sen. Ted Kennedy a dear friend, a wise colleague, and one of the greatest US senators of our time.
President Obama: "We believe in an America where getting decent health care doesn t depend on how much money you ve got."
Happening now: First Lady Michelle Obama speaks in Columbus, Ohio. Watch live:
Welcome to Dashboard:
"In America we do not have to choose between the health of our economy and the health of our kids." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Help make sure folks have the information they need to get covered in 2014:
Lee, Alicia, and Jane on what a $2,000 tax hike would mean for them:
Obamacare opened the door to my career in healthcare IT training. He cares for the 100%. Shana, TX, on why she s voting Obama-Biden
Expanding hospital visitation rights -- same-sex partners and others should not be barred from a loved one's bedside in a time of need.
A new report shows that wind energy is booming and now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more:
It s time to do what s right. We ve got to stop blocking emergency relief for out-of-work Americans.
Add your name to the list of people asking Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence:
"Under this law, more than 98% of Americans and 97% of small businesses will not see their income taxes go up." President Obama
Letter of the week: An Army veteran on his frustration with Congress and his support for #Obama2012.
Got plans for the President s #DNC2012 speech on Thursday night? Now you do:
President Obama to students in Iowa: You have more at stake in this election than just about anybody.
"We've got to fight for an opportunity agenda." President Obama #WomenSucceed
26 straight months of job growth:
FACT: Romney would have to raise taxes on middle-class families with kids by $2,000 to pay for $250,000 tax cuts for multimillionaires.
Start the week with photos from @OFA_VA s #GreaterTogether Summit:
Welcome to Twitter, @LatinosForObama follow along for news from community leaders, upcoming events, and ways to get involved. #Latinos2012
Paul Ryan stars in The 7 Habits of Highly Misleading People.
RT if you agree: It's wrong to cut vital services instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires. #JobsNotCuts,
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solution speak up for #ImmigrationAction:
Put your name on the @OFA donor wall with a $5 contribution &amp; show the world where you stand.
The election is in 75 days, and it will be close. Pledge to make 10 calls today:
"We do believe in an America where no matter what you look like, or who you love, or what your last name is, you can make it if you try."
A day in the life of a Philadelphia music teacher who wants Congress to pass the American Jobs Act:
In PA at the Alliance for American Manufacturing, stating that any trade agreement must contain real, enforceable standards for workers.
It's a paws-itively beautiful day. #NationalPuppyDay
President Obama: "Let's go vote. Let's go win this election."
President Obama: "The last thing we can afford to do now is to go back to the same policies that got us into this mess in the first place."
"In two weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." President Obama #SOTU
Be a part of this.
The House of Representatives didn't #ActOnReform. Instead, they voted on this:
We're counting up to our goal of 1 million donors check it out:
FACT: Romney promised to veto the bipartisan DREAM Act, and supports self-deportation.
POTUS: We ve got more good jobs to create. We ve got more homegrown energy to generate. We ve got more young people to send to college.
"Progress is hard, but progress is possible because of you and that's why I couldn't be prouder." President Obama to @OFA #ActionSummit
Thursday is your chance to catch a free online screening of @TheDreamisNow, followed by a live panel. Don't miss out:
Join Secretary of Education Arne Duncan for a live video chat on making college more affordable, tomorrow at 5:30pm ET:
Have a great weekend, everybody.
The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to #ActOnClimate and improve public health.
Watch live: President Obama signs the JOBS Act, making it easier for startups and small businesses to get financing.
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an #OFAdventure:
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
President Obama needs your help today. Donate $3 or more before tonight's May fundraising deadline:
We re counting down to a critical fundraising deadline at midnight. Can you chip in $5 to grow this campaign today?
Watch this video: A special preview of President Obama's speech on the economy, planned for later today.
Tonight @OFA volunteers are making calls to build support for immigration reform, and to show their representatives the #CostOfInaction.
RT @OFA_CA: Volunteer coordinator Winnie collects an #ImIn card before an #Obama2012 #WeCantWait event in Hollywood
Make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year:
Congress only has 24 days before the summer recess to act on jobs. Tell them to get to work:
POTUS: The No. 1 thing Congress should do right now is to stop student loan interest rates from doubling at the end of the month."
No one knows better than Laura, @OFA_MI training director, that this campaign brings people together:
Apply to be an @OFA fellow today to make a difference in your community:
We can't miss this chance to fix our broken immigration system. Debate in the Senate begins today show your support:
We don t turn back. We leave no one behind. We pull each other up. A look back at highlights from #DNC2012:
"It was so wonderful to be in the same place as all those people making change in my community and across the country."
If you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now:
President Obama: "I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy." #SOTU
"Getting people back on the job faster is one of our top priorities." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Get the facts on the Affordable Care Act then share them with everyone you know:
White House staff and @HHSGov Secretary Kathleen Sebelius answered your questions in this episode of West Wing Week.
Just got off a call to thank folks who are working hard to help more Americans across the country sign up for healt _
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses what you need to know about Ebola.
"A great education can be within everyone s reach." President Obama
FACT: Obama's clean fuel standards would cut the sulfur in gasoline by two-thirds significantly reducing smog &amp; soot pollution. #OFAClimate
The President is taking action to help fix our immigration system now Congress must do its part. #ImmigrationAction
RT @TruthTeam2012: Romney versus reality, student loans edition:
In his weekly address, President Obama honors the brave men and women in uniform who gave their lives for America.
Here's what you can do to close the gap for another month: RT this link, right now.
"The most important changes we can make depend on congressional action. They need to bring these proposals up for a vote."
Why would we spend taxpayer dollars on a Death Star with a fundamental flaw that can be exploited by a 1-man starship?
Watch live: White House officials answer questions about Startup America, a resource for entrepreneurs.
"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." President Obama #LoveWins
A look at the numbers with @jomalleydillon @MarlonDMarshall &amp; @Mitch_Stewart from the #OFALegacy conference:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Why Mitt Romney is the problem, not the solution:
President Obama: We are a better nation than one that expels innocent young kids.
Wouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance:
Sen. John Kerry s message to Mitt Romney: Before you debate Barack Obama on foreign policy, you better finish the debate with yourself.
Don't miss it. #GetCovered
"This party is just another way to say something we can never say enough: thank you." The President at last night's ball for servicemembers
Retweet if you think every American should be treated with dignity regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
BREAKING: President Obama just took another huge step to #ActOnClimate by rejecting the #KeystoneXL pipeline.
Today we are celebrating our country, honoring our troops, and enjoying a little BBQ. From all of us at #Obama2012, have a wonderful Fourth.
President Obama on how advanced manufacturing will help us remain "a country that makes things":
Good morning.
"I believe crime is like any other epidemic we need to stop it before it starts." President Obama
This week, President Obama addressed the nation, traveled to Fort Drum, and more. Watch on West Wing Week:
The grassroots movement that accomplished so much in 2008 is back at it again today knocking on doors, working for change
President Obama speaks about veterans' issues at the American Legion Annual Conference. Watch live:
President Obama: When I got on stage, I met this very spirited fellow who claimed to be Mitt Romney. It couldn't have been Mitt Romney.
"I'm here to launch a new competition for 21st century infrastructure and the jobs that come with it." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." President Obama to @OFA volunteers #OFAFallSummit
"Congress is going to only act if they hear from you the American people."
Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers are women and they need a raise. Add your voice:
Hosting a 4th of July family picnic in Butte, MT and celebrating Malia's 10th Birthday! Watch it live:
"To watch him end the war in Iraq just as he said he would, I was almost speechless." Sharon, a veteran:
"Are we ready to move forward, Ohio?" Jay Z in Columbus
"We can t just drill our way out of the energy and climate challenge that we face. That s not possible." President Obama #ActOnClimate
POTUS: We can reward companies that open new plants and train new workers and create new jobs right here in America.
We need to come together to #ActOnClimate: "75% of all wind energy in this country is generated in Republican districts." President Obama
Watch live: President Clinton and President Obama in Bristow, Virginia.
Read why it's crucial to #FixOvertime protections for millions of working families.
Declare your support for the President's 3 core healthcare principles:
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch:
President Obama on Romney: The bottom line is, his underlying philosophy is the top-down economics that we've seen before.
"First-class infrastructure attracts first-class jobs." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
RT @Obama2012: Community health centers get a boost from the #ACA:
Iowa saw huge turnout over yesterday's first day of early voting let's keep it going:
Here's President Obama and his staff in 2013 discussing the #SOTU.
FACT: The #CostOfRepeal would mean going back to when 129,000,000 Americans with pre-existing conditions could be denied health insurance.
"Every young person deserves a fair shot." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
RT @JoeBiden: The live stream of VP Biden s foreign policy speech kicks off at 10:30am ET watch at
President Obama on the GOP convention: "They spent a lot of time talking about me, but they didn t spend a lot of time talking about you."
President Obama: "I refused to let communities like this one go bankrupt. I was betting on the American worker."
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. Let's get it done:
President Obama gives special remarks now at @OFA's Obamacare summit. Follow here:
Fixing what is broken in our education system will not be easy. We won t see results overnight but that s no reason not to get started.
Chrysler has announced third-quarter profits up 80% from the same period last year:
ICYMI: More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far.
"It is up to all of us to ensure victims of sexual violence are not left to face these trials alone." President Obama
In Des Moines, IA. Our movement will have secured the majority of pledged delegates tonight. Change is coming!
President Obama: My budget focuses on pre-school for all, and improving high school curriculums to better prepare students for jobs.
This West Wing Week: winning the future through investments in innovation and small business.
Wall Street reform will put in place the toughest consumer financial protections in our history, with an independent agency to enforce them.
Add your name if you agree with the President: We should be giving tax cuts to middle-class families, not millionaires.
"The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." President Obama #ACAWorks
Tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts January 1st. Sign up right now:
Will Romney finally tell us how he ll pay for his $5 trillion tax cut tonight?
"This is work for all Americans, and not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
"This is something that I'm very committed to. We're going to make sure to get it done, working together." President Obama #ActOnClimate
I've come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims watch the President s speech:
Join the First Lady in wishing the President a happy Father s Day:
President Obama: I believe in fighting for the middle class, because if they re prospering, all of us will prosper.
Find out how much of your premiums your health insurer is spending on care, and if you might qualify for a rebate:
LIVE: President Obama discusses jobs and the importance of manufacturing in Cleveland.
President Obama: I m not fighting to create Democratic jobs or Republican jobs I m fighting to create American jobs.
"Fifty years from now, volunteers will be able to look back and say, 'I elected that President.'"
"I've got a question for you, Buckeyes. Are you registered to vote? Because if you're not, today is the last day you can get registered."
Climate change deniers and polluters must stop standing in the way of tackling this issue:
Blame the static electricity in the Oval Office:
America has always been a nation of immigrants. Honor that heritage by supporting #immigration reform:
Go behind the scenes on the campaign trail on the road to Election Day:
"Anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." President Obama #EqualPayNow
Time to get going today s your last chance to share a meal with the First Couple. Your airfare's covered:
Senate Republicans have blocked a bill that would have helped up to 20,000 veterans find jobs in their communities:
President Obama received a recommendation from the Secretary of State today on the pending application for the Keystone XL Pipeline.
He s fighting for American families RT if you re with him:
As long as I have the privilege of being your President, I will be alongside you fighting for the country that we, together, dream of.
Coming in at no. 3 for Twitter's top #SOTU moments: creating jobs right here in America.
The #sequester continues to impact our communities. This map from @amprog explains how and where:
Proud of what our country accomplished this week? You can be part of the movement keeping it going chip in $5 today:
As of this moment, #DADT is over. Hear four Americans share what the end of this law means to them:
The Senate is voting now on student loan rates RT if you agree we can t afford to double interest on college loans. #DontDoubleMyRate
Retweet if you agree.
Romney claims people don t die because they lack health insurance. Watch Ryan s story to see why that s not true:
If you missed the President's speech, you can watch the whole thing here:
Hear our state leadership explain how your donations translate to calls, office openings, and youth summits:
Fireworks.
Get in the game and help make health care reform a success:
President Obama: "Today I m appointing Richard [Cordray] as America s consumer watchdog."
Historic moment: On this day in 1964, former U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act into law.
Tonight s vote is not a victory for any one party it is a victory for the American people. Tonight, we answered the call of history.
Millions of Americans are feeling the benefits of #Obamacare, and it's only going to get better:
"We cannot afford to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy. What we can do is make sure that middle class taxes don t go up."
The President is taking steps to fix our broken immigration system stand up to those who want to block progress:
"Millions more families have the peace of mind that comes with having affordable health care." President Obama
Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all who fought to protect our freedoms and defend this country we _
Here s the truth: Gov. Romney cannot pay for his $5 trillion tax plan without blowing up the deficit or sticking it to the middle class.
Valerie, a volunteer from Ohio, got a surprise phone call last week.
Going without health insurance is risky business.
Watch Bill talk about the Recovery Act loan that helped him start his successful small business:
Some inspiration for the #RegtoVote weekend of action kicking off tomorrow:
Everyone deserves access to affordable health care. Stand up to state leaders who don't put #PeopleOverPolitics:
Last call: Get this limited-edition magnet for 40% off today with the coupon code VICTORY.
Hearing him talk about equality and what he's done is the reason I'm behind him.
"The state of our Union is getting stronger. And we ve come too far to turn back now."
The economy added 156,000 jobs in September extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
FACT: Senate Republicans would end tax credits for clean energy like wind and solar costing American jobs in an industry we need to lead.
"There is no country that is better positioned to take advantage of the future better than us." President Obama #ActionSummit
RT @Energy: Have questions about energy efficiency? Get an answer directly from Secretary Chu. Details:
Provisions in #Obamacare have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more:
Fun bracket fact: Of tens of thousands of entries, no one was beating POTUS in the Obama Bracket Challenge until yesterday's games.
Mitt Romney's at odds with Mitt Romney again this time students are the ones who d suffer:
President Obama: "I don t care how many ways you try to explain it: Corporations aren t people. People are people."
Make history in your community:
We need to choose someone who invests in America, not in a Swiss bank account. VP @JoeBiden last week on Romney s offshore finances
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare at @TheCHAUSA.
"If your member of Congress does not support raising the minimum wage, you need to let them know they're out of step." President Obama
Barack Obama, 2007: "All of this cannot come to pass until we bring an end to this war in Iraq."
A long-term Gulf Coast Restoration Plan will be paid for by BP but designed by states, local communities, businesses & other Gulf residents.
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers:
Not that much time left to #GetCovered:
President Obama s sign-off after 8 states in 48 hours: Don t quit. Let s make sure we run through the tape.
If you believe in expanding economic opportunity, go #OnTheRecord:
Shae, FL: Why am I voting for President Obama? Simple. I believe in him, and that's coming from an ARMY VET!
226,317 calls and counting. You made this day historic, and took us a giant step closer to passing reform. Thank you.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in North Carolina about his plan to create jobs and grow our economy.
Investigating Mitt Romney's offshore accounts:
Last year, General Motors sold 9 million vehicles regaining its title as the world s largest automaker for 2011. #MadeInAmerica
Abram is in for 2012 and he s making sure other Americans with disabilities vote for President Obama, too:
That's more grassroots support at this point in the process than any campaign in political history.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Watch the weekly address: Although the economy has improved, there's still more to do to help middle class families.
Speaking at #DNC2012 tonight beginning at 10pm ET: San Antonio Mayor @JulianCastro, delivering the keynote, and First Lady @MichelleObama.
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying:
Watch President Obama's weekly address wishing dads a happy #FathersDay.
Presenting a final plan for health reform today it's time to move forward. Watch live at 1:45pm ET:
Alejandro Morales is a DREAMer &amp; a Chicagoan. What he wants to be is a Marine. Watch his story:
A story about how each major provision of the Affordable Care Act is changing people's lives, two years in:
#FF Cabinet Secretaries: US Secretary of Transportation @RayLaHood, Secretary of Commerce @SecLocke, and Secretary of Labor @HildaSolisDOL
Organizers got together for an important conversation at @OFA's Women &amp; Working Families Summit:
You've got #10DaysLeft to enroll.
President Obama has a plan to get Americans back to work will you stand with him in support of the American Jobs Act?
Meet President Obama s pick to lead the Department of the @Interior: REI CEO Sally Jewell.
Even if your bracket s busted, you can still support number 44 and get an #Obama2012 basketball jersey for $10 off:
Women are the breadwinners in 40% of U.S. households, but on average make 23% less than men:
A Father's Day #tbt: President John F. Kennedy with his children in the @whitehouse.
Americans want progress. This is about making it happen. Watch:
"We know America is what we make of it." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
I m not willing to go back to the days when insurance companies could deny someone coverage because of a pre-existing condition. #SOTU
Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniors including his oldest daughter.
It's time to put aside aside politics and extend basic workplace protections to all LGBT Americans:
Today's Supreme Court ruling gives special interests more power, and undermines the influence of average Americans.
Joining Prime Minister Harper of Canada for a press conference. Watch live at 3:10pm ET.
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to stop denying the science on #climatechange.
"Ensuring that women are paid fairly is a commonsense step to grow our economy." President Obama
Pres. Obama: "One of the options we want to provide _is a public option." #hc09
Holding a news conference at 4:15pm ET. Watch live:
President Obama: "I've come here to ask you to stand with me, just like you stood with me in 2008, to finish what we started."
"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." President Obama
The economy has added private-sector jobs for 29 straight months, for a total of 4.5 million jobs during that period:
We're excited to announce the three winners of our Art Works poster contest:
"Let's put some folks back to work here in Ohio rebuilding our roads, and our bridges, and our schools." President Obama
Women for Obama: Help yourself to a free bumper sticker just tell us where to send it.
The economy has added private sector jobs for 33 straight months, for a total of 5.6 million jobs during that time:
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT community take a look:
In New York - heading to The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. Be sure to watch it on Comedy Central tonight.
We may be momentarily knocked off our feet, but we will pick ourselves up. We will keep going. We will finish the race. President Obama
I would bring my 76-year-old mother! She is the one that inspired me to go for my dreams. She said, 'Yes, you can!' #DinnerWithBarack
President Obama: "We've created 5.4 million new jobs."
Today's the 55th birthday of the @PeaceCorps. Thanks to all who have served across the globe. #PeaceCorpsWeek2016
A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget deal don't let that happen. Show your support:
Today, President Obama announced a major step forward to make our immigration policy more fair, efficient, and just:
This is a big deal: Today, President Obama will raise the minimum wage to $10.10 for workers under federal contracts.
"This was a central question in the election." President Obama on keeping middle class taxes low
Fifteen benefits you could be missing out on:
Photo of the day: The President speaks to college student body presidents from around the country about the debt debate.
90 days, 90 reasons to re-elect President Obama:
Support the campaign from your front lawn with our 2012 yard signs:
Happy Fourth of July.
Earlier today, Mitt Romney asked why any young person would vote for President Obama. Here are some reasons:
"As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American dream they helped defend." President Obama
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bears see them all in Alaska.
Alabama Republican reps on Twitter: @RepJoBonner (AL-01), @RepMarthaRoby (AL-02), @RepMikeRogersAL (AL-03), @Robert_Aderholt (Al-04)
Photo of the day: President Obama urges the crowd at North Carolina State to help pass the American Jobs Act
Important, tough conversations require solid facts. Get them from the @OFA Truth Team:
"I congratulate and thank all the men and women of NASA who made this remarkable accomplishment a reality." President Obama
.@NYTimes: "For the sake of future gun victims lawmakers should ignore this lobbying &amp; pass a background-check bill."
Yesterday marked 6 months out sign up to stay informed on the must-know dates through Election Day:
Just some of the ways President Obama is helping small businesses grow and create jobs:
"They are the true Americans who not only know what this country could mean for them but also their children." Jose C.
President Obama nominates Alan Krueger to lead the White House Council of Economic Advisers. Watch live:
Why gamble with your health? It's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage.
Congress has just 6 days to act on jobs before its summer recess:
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." President Obama
"If an agreement isn't reached in time... I will urge Sen. Reid to bring to the floor a basic package" to prevent middle class tax hikes.
This is a key moment to stand against discrimination. Tell the House of Representatives to pass #ENDA:
Speaking on America s energy security at 11:20am ET. Watch live:
Today is the 80th birthday of #SocialSecurity a lifeline to millions of Americans.
"Republicans in Congress don't want to raise it at all." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
President Obama: "I believe the federal government has the capacity to help open up opportunity and create ladders of opportunity."
We can t afford a President who says my job is not to worry about 47% of the American people:
My opponent thinks it s fair that someone who makes $20 million a year like him pays a lower rate than a cop or a teacher who makes $50K.
The President is speaking in New Hampshire at 2pm ET follow @Obama2012 for live updates.
"House Republicans don't get to demand ransoms in exchange for doing their jobs." President Obama #JustVote
President Obama: Once we had Malia and Sasha, we needed to start saving for their college educations, but we were still paying for ours.
Obama: "Today, I m proud to nominate a leader to carry on those efforts as America s next Sec. of Labor Tom Perez."
Say you'll stand with President Obama on his commitment to women's health:
Everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love.
Thanks to our men and women in uniform and our dedicated diplomats, a coalition has been forged and countless Libyan lives have been saved.
Mitt Romney: the movie trailer.
"We know from our history, our economy doesn't grow from the top down, it grows from the middle out." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
You could be President Obama's third guest for #DinnerWithBarack, but only if you claim your seat by midnight tonight:
"We are running out of time to fix this." President Obama on the need for Congress to pass a budget.
Schools, roads, bridges, and jobs: here's what investing in our infrastructure really means.
America needs to #LeadOnTrade. If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name:
Get ready:
President Obama: If a company isn't treating its workers with integrity, then they're probably cutting corners in other areas, too.
For those of you who don t know much about Paul Ryan:
It's time to increase the minimum wage. Add your name:
Yesterday's #HCR meeting was the kind of open discussion between political parties rarely seen in Washington See highlights:
"When he s asked how are you going to do it which deductions, which loopholes are you going to close? [Romney] can t tell you." #SketchyDeal
"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." President Obama
A majority of Americans in every single congressional district support #ENDA protections for LGBT people:
Paul Ryan is an architect of the top-down GOP budget that cuts education, energy, &amp; innovation even as it gives tax cuts to the wealthy.
President Obama on why the Fair Pay Act was the first bill he signed into law three years ago this week:
What three years of progress for the LGBT community looks like:
"I will continue to stand with the majority of Americans who support common-sense reforms" President Obama, #NotBackingDown on gun violence
If you live in Kansas, ask @SenPatRoberts and @JerryMoran to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Obama: It is our generation s task ... to reignite the true engine of America s economic growth a rising, thriving middle class. #SOTU
Take advantage of a Valentine's Eve discount in the #Obama2012 store today:
"We can t allow an impasse over long-term fiscal challenges to distract us from what the middle class needs right now." President Obama
Tell Washington that Main Street wants Wall Street reform:
Worth a RT: It s time for Congress to join the President &amp; help responsible homeowners refinance at low interest rates.
Quality health coverage can help keep you healthy and is there for you when you're sick.
"More young people are earning college degrees than ever before." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
If you pitch in by midnight tomorrow, your donation could help get you introduced to two American presidents:
"We know from our own history that change happens because people push to make it happen." President Obama. You in?
"We can t allow financial institutions, including those that take your deposits, to take risks that threaten the whole economy." #SOTU
Make your sweet tooth happy it's #NationalDessertDay.
Congress has just 53 days before its summer recess to take action on jobs:
Proud of these McKinley Tech students inspiring young minds that make me hopeful about our future.
1,170,000 people stepped up to own a piece of this campaign last month. That's amazing.
Delray, Florida comes out to meet President Obama:
A decade of war is now ending. An economic recovery has begun. President Obama
This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: #DoYourJob
Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeave.
"We are now able to transition out of Afghanistan in a responsible way, making sure that Afghans take responsible for their own security."
WATCH: President Obama is in Virginia discussing ways to rebuild America's infrastructure.
RT @SSSTruth: I am willing, I will do my part to keep @BarackObama going #Forward! #Obama2012
The story of how "Fired up, ready to go!" got started:
You don't want to miss out on this opportunity enter now before tonight's deadline.
FACT: Romney would raise taxes on Latino middle-class families with kids by $2,000 to give a $250,000 tax cut to multimillionaires.
Check it out: The restaurant industry is growing, and average hours are up. #ObamacareIsWorking
"It's good for business. It's good for America." President Obama on raising the minimum wage and creating #OpportunityForAll
Make sure your loved ones are covered:
At @OFA_NY, volunteers are using their artistic side to call on Congress to #StandWith immigration reform:
The Vice President is back on the campaign trail today in Toledo, Ohio let s give Joe a big welcome back:
Getting the full story on something as big as the #IranDeal is important. Add your name to stay informed:
This #LaborDay, join the fight to support raising the minimum wage.
Our obligation:
"America, this will change but only when we stand up, together, and demand it." President Obama
Obama: "If you give me your vote _ you will have a President who hears your voices, who fights for your families."
From @TheAtlantic: "Immigration Reformers are Winning August"
LIVE: The President is at @UChicagoLaw discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Chip in and be automatically entered to join @OFA in Chicago to celebrate President Obama's birthday:
Her defiance spurred a movement that advanced our journey toward justice and equality for all. Obama on Rosa Parks:
As of today, Congress has only 52 days before its summer recess to take action on jobs.
"The important part of the Affordable Care Act takes place tomorrow no matter what the House decides to do" President Obama on the shutdown
Scenes from the Democratic National Convention:
Tomorrow, share your own #TBT "life happens" photos and tell people to #GetCoveredNow.
Starting this year, no American will be forbidden from serving the country they love because of who they love. #SOTU
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." President Obama
Photos of the day: Six summer organizers had lunch with the President in D.C. yesterday:
This is about keeping the internet open and free sign the petition:
More than two dozen states and cities are fighting to #ActOnClimate by defending the Clean Power Plan:
"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." President Obama
A bill to reauthorize &amp; strengthen the Violence Against Women Act ---&gt; signed by President Obama today. #VAWA,
POTUS: Women are "half of this country, and they're perfectly capable of making their own choices about their health."
Help us keep tuition costs down for young people all across this country. They deserve opportunity just like I had opportunity.
Grateful to the Democratic & Republican Senators who put aside partisan differences and voted to move forward on a jobs bill last night.
My family will be joining Americans across the country for a National Day of Service on January 19th join us:
If you re out for Obama, your car, bike, or laptop could use a free #Obama2012 LGBT bumper sticker:
The Affordable Care Act has put quality health care within reach for millions.
How much do you know about the minimum wage?
ICYMI: This is what the #LiveTheWage Challenge is all about:
The Romney-Ryan budget plan: Raise taxes on middle-class families to pay for tax cuts for millionaires.
Looking for a summer vacation? Here's your chance to win a trip to Chicago on @OFA enter today:
On #IndependenceDay, wave the stars and stripes with pride.
President Obama is acting on public health with the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants. #ActOnClimate
About to speak at the Health Action Conference on the importance of health reform. Listen live:
President Obama: We're at a moment when our economy is growing, but trends that have battered the middle class still have to be addressed.
Organizing for Action is the next step in our grassroots movement, crucial to finishing what we started. Be part of it:
Be a part of bringing about real change every day through @OFA. Watch this video:
"I want President Obama to be the next president of the United States." President Clinton
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska:
President Obama marks the tenth anniversary of the September 11th attacks:
Retweet if you agree. #DoYourJob
Tomorrow marks the start of a huge weekend of action. Be a part of re-electing President Obama volunteer:
ICYMI: The President sent a message to OFA supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration reform.
The winter garden is in at the @WhiteHouse, ready to grow food year-round:
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing speak out:
"When our men and women in uniform succeed, our country succeeds. They have our back now it s our turn to have theirs."
"The entire economy will be lifted if more of our young people are doing better." President Obama #ConnectEd
Let s make sure President Obama is a two-term President pitch in $5 now:
Add your name: Student loan debt is out of control. It's time to act.
Happening now: President Obama is giving a major economic speech. Watch it live.
Thanks to you, we re just 18,000 grassroots donations away from 10 million. Pitch in $5 or more to help make it happen:
We, the people, understand that our country cannot succeed when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it.
This balanced approach includes asking special interests and the wealthiest Americans to share in the sacrifice of future cuts.
Since 2010, America's uninsured rate has been cut in half. Help build on that progress join Team #Obamacare today:
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." President Obama #SOTU #ActOnClimate
The First Lady and U.S. Women s National Soccer Team host a Let s Move! sports clinic at the White House. Watch live:
When you cast your vote, remember: Romney would bring back the failed top-down policies that crashed our economy.
"The science of climate change is leaping out at us like a scene from a 3D movie ... it s compelling us to act." Secretary @JohnKerry
WATCH: The President is discussing ways to better prepare high school students for college and the job market.
"Any time Congress wants to do work with me to help working families, I'm right there." President Obama #WorkplaceFairness
"We reaffirm the basic human right to be free from violence and abuse." President Obama on the Violence Against Women Act's 20th anniversary
Any governor knows emergency room care is the stupidest possible way to provide care to people.
Romney wants to end the college tax credit we created that s saving families up to $10,000 over 4 years on tuition. I want to extend it.
Ohio Republican reps on Twitter: @repbilljohnson (OH-06), @steveaustria (OH-07), @stevelatourette (OH-14), @repstevestivers (OH-15).
#LetsMove MT @FLOTUS: The First Lady wants to know _ #TurnipForWhat?
President Obama knows that when women make less than men for the same work, it threatens the economic security of entire families.
"He sought to reunite our people not only in government, but also in freedom that knew no bounds of color or creed."
Welcome to a new @BarackObama. From now on, #Obama2012 staff will manage this account; tweets from the President will be signed "-BO."
Happening now: The President is awarding the #MedalOfHonor, the highest military honor. Watch here:
We're kicking off an important month with the launch of African Americans for Obama. A message from the President:
"We only have one truly sacred obligation as a government, &amp; that s to equip those we send into harm s way &amp; care for those who come home."
If you want to see the House take action to fix our broken immigration system, here's how it could happen:
We have a broken #immigration system. It's now up to the House to decide whether or not we fix it. #ActOnReform
Load a company up with debt, get millions of dollars of profit, leave it bankrupt: that's Romney economics.
When you're president:
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in?
President Obama: "I want to give middle-class families and folks who are striving to get into the middle class some relief."
I ask all Americans to join me and Michelle in keeping Rep. Giffords, the victims of this tragedy, and their families in our prayers.
Happy Birthday to @MichelleObama! Singing is optional, but you are welcome to add a note to her birthday card:
"He shall, from time to time..."
As of May, more than 2.2 million people have stepped up to own a piece of this campaign:
"Love you guys!"
State by state, here are the economic benefits of comprehensive #immigration reform:
Have a Happy Mother s Day. Now go give your favorite moms some hugs.
"The CFPB has already addressed more than 175,000 complaints from all across the nation giving people an advocate." President Obama
Mark, a firefighter in Idaho, is waiting for Republicans in Congress to take action on jobs:
This petition is an important way you can support #NetNeutrality:
Tune in live as the President speaks about creating #ABetterBargain in Jacksonville. Watch now:
At a Working for Change town hall in Titusville, FL. Watch it live at
The steps we took this year to reform the health care system have put Medicare on a sounder financial footing.
The #CostOfRepeal of the Affordable Care Act would be steep.
Retweet to tell the House of Representatives to #StandWithOurFuture and pass immigration reform.
President Obama: Today s decision was a victory for people all over this country whose lives will be more secure.
In Trenton, NJ at AFL-CIO Town Hall Meeting
.@JoeBiden: "The people I grew up with and my neighbors they pay more effective tax than Gov. Romney pays on his federal income tax."
FACT: Federal spending under President Obama has increased at the slowest rate since President Eisenhower.
ICYMI: The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low.
"Firefighters saved my best friend's life." -David:
Watch for free: The first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously" is available online.
FACT: Obamacare ensures you can receive cancer screenings at no cost to you. #ObamacareIsWorking
Explore how @OFA supporters are driving the narrative on gun violence prevention:
"Your ticket is an education." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
For our nation, this is a day of remembrance, a day of reflection, and -- with God s grace -- a day of unity and renewal.
"In America, it doesn't matter where you started if you're willing to work hard and act responsibly, you can get ahead." President Obama
Call on Congress to #DisarmHate. Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation:
Romney backs the Rubio-Blunt bill giving employers moral right to deny birth control coverage to women.
A story told in three photos:
Wish the President happy holidays. Sign OFA's card:
Today, President Obama met with business leaders to discuss the importance of #ImmigrationReform as a contributor to economic growth.
Take a look at President Obama's interview with @NatGeo on national parks, climate change and more.
Parents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home. #LeadOnLeave
President Obama spoke today about rewarding companies that manufacture in the U.S. and hire American workers:
In DC: Asking you to share what inspires you on the front page of www.barackobama.com
Voters with Republican reps in MS: Make sure your representative knows you support a balanced approach to reducing the deficit.
Tune in at 5:00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act:
The National Export Initiative will help U.S. businesses unleash their innovation, grow their markets & support new jobs.
Take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention:
Americans are discovering how @Obamacare can help. Here are a few examples:
FACT: The annual average unemployment rate fell 1.2 percent between 2013 and 2014, the largest decline since 1984.
Gravity exists. The Earth is round. Climate change is happening. #ScienceSaysSo
POTUS: "These steps will make a real difference in the lives of millions of Americans. But make no mistake. We've got a lot more to do."
"A rising, thriving middle class. That s our North Star. That must drive every decision we make."
Happening now: The President is speaking about the Affordable Care Act at the White House Youth Summit.
On Romney's deficit plan: "We haven t heard from the governor any specifics beyond Big Bird &amp; eliminating funding for Planned Parenthood."
POTUS: For the last 3 years, when some folks said let s let Detroit go bankrupt, we said no we re betting on the American worker.
Rock-n-roll:
"The plan will cost _less than the tax cuts for the wealthiest few Americans that Congress passed during the previous administration." #hc09
FACT: Paul Ryan supported a plan to privatize Social Security which would have put retirees' benefits at risk.
President Obama: "I am not the first president to take up this cause, but I am determined to be the last." #hc09
Women for Obama:
Sign this petition if you stand for raising the minimum wage:
Maternity services aren't covered for 62% of Americans with individual health plans. The #ACA ensures that all plans cover them after 2014.
We have everything we need to compete: bold entrepreneurs, world-class universities & young people brimming with promise.
RT @VP VP is joining Dr B & @HildaSolisDOL for last leg of their #cctour at Davidson County Community College in Thomasville, NC this AM
RT @OFA_OH: The official announcement: we collected 318,460 signatures from across #Ohio!
RT @OFA_VA: People of all ages across Richmond Va are showing support by attending #bo50 house parties. #Obama2012
The #50for50 challenge ends today if you're not quite at 50, here are some tips to reach your goal by midnight:
Don t let anyone tell you that this fight isn't worth it. Don't let them tell you that you're not making a difference.
Talked about faith-based initiatives in Zanesville, OH. The challenges we face today are simply too big for government to solve alone.
TODAY: The last day to check out your options and #GetCovered. Don't miss it.
Speaking to the press after meeting with General McChrystal. Watch live at 1:30 pm ET.
Check out @MichelleObama s workout playlist for some "get-moving" motivation:
Saddened to learn about the passing of Geraldine Ferraro. She will forever be remembered as a trailblazer who broke down barriers.
Has the progress we've made over the last three years changed your life? Share what it means to you:
#OFA supporters are pledging to support candidates who fight for real health reform. Join in:
Staffers are live tweeting tonight's rally right here @BarackObama.
"Korea taught us that as a people we are stronger when we stand as one." President Obama on heroism of integrated units in the Korean War
This week s Friday Facts takes a look at what the American Jobs Act means for people across the country.
"Second, we have to deal with the 11 million individuals who are here illegally." President Obama #immigrationreform
Jim Messina: "The President spoke directly to voters tonight about his vision for an economy that grows from the middle out."
Spoke with members of the American Nurses Association today on the urgent need for health care reform:
"These cuts are wrong. They re not smart. They re not fair. They re a self-inflicted wound that doesn't have to happen." #JobsOverCuts
Don t miss tonight s Moving America Forward rally in Columbus. Watch live at barackobama.com/live, beginning at 6pm ET.
Obama: "This is a country where everyone should be able to pursue their own measure of happiness and live their lives free from fear." #VAWA
President Obama on Romney s stance on women: Gov. Romney wants to take us back to policies more suited for the 1950s.
"From my family to yours, Happy Easter." President Obama in the weekly address
Some members of Congress are prepared to shut down the government to defund #Obamacare. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work. #DoYourJob
FACT: More than 25 U.S. states have set energy efficiency targets. Let's #ActOnClimate and make it all 50.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about raising the national minimum wage. Watch here:
RT if you agree: It's time for Congress to make our communities safer by passing universal background checks on gun sales. #WeDemandAVote
Starting shortly: Mayor @JulianCastro and First Lady @MichelleObama speak at #DNC2012. Watch live:
President Obama tells the story of "Fired up! Ready to go!" at the final rally of his final campaign.
I will use all the powers of this office to help advance efforts aimed at preventing more tragedies like this. President Obama on Newtown
This is all about the economy. This is all about whether we re going to have the best-trained, best-educated workforce in the world.
is Fired Up!.. And Ready to Go!
Just 90 days until the election chip in $5 today:
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "I would bet on American workers and American know-how any day of the week."
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
This is big: @OFA volunteers are about to deliver 1.4 million signatures to Congress demanding expanded background checks for gun sales.
"If you want to make your voice heard, you've got to show up." President Obama:
"I believe it's time to give America a raise." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Ray was paying $800/month in premiums and co-payments now he's covered thanks to Medicaid expansion in his state:
Asking you to vote Nov. 4th. Visit
Before Congress heads back to Washington, tell them why they should #StandWith immigration reform:
"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." President Obama
"That s why I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college to zero." President Obama #SOTU
What drives our economy:
"We are going to make sure that every single person in this country can get affordable health care." President Obama
Millions of Americans remain cut off from their economic lifeline because of the House's inaction. It's time to #RenewUI.
Why do you think Congress should pass the American Jobs Act?
We'll be posting rally photos and tweets here throughout the day tag your own with #Obama2012:
Join @OFA today, and keep this movement for progress strong:
Today @OFA is putting the House of Representatives on notice it's time for #immigration reform. #StandWithOurFuture
The President took readers' questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews. Check it out:
Hey, @MichelleObama: Happy Valentine's Day. -bo
Getting Out The Vote! Polls open until 6:00pm in IN & until 7:30pm in NC. For polling info: IN.BarackObama.com or NC.BarackObama.com.
This week s Friday Facts take a by-the-numbers look at how President Obama is helping veterans get back to work:
15: Days until taxes will go up for middle-class families unless Congress takes action. #WeCantWait
Bipartisanship:
Don t miss out: #AffordableCare is in your reach.
"Pass a bill. Solve a problem. Don't just say no on something that everybody agrees needs to be done." President Obama to House leadership
It's time Congress puts an end to governing from one manufactured crisis to the next. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more:
"Today, the American auto industry is back." President Obama
RT if you agree: All of our daughters deserve to earn equal pay for equal work. #EqualPayDay,
Read the President's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school supplies:
Vice President @JoeBiden: Osama bin Laden is dead, and General Motors is alive.
Starting this week, you can call a new number 1-(855)-411-CFPB to make sure you're getting a fair deal on your mortgage.
VP Biden: My dad never failed to remind me a job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It s about dignity. It s about respect.
Former Sec. of State Albright on Romney: The last thing we need to do is to go around making belligerent statements.
RT @whitehouse: Just started: First Lady Michelle Obama surprises @WhiteHouse visitors. Watch live:
Today is the last day: Don't miss this chance.
FACT: Federal agencies reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than 15% from 2008-2012 equal to taking 1.5M cars off the road #ActOnClimate
Show your support for this historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
Launching Obama Mobile text messaging; text 'GO' to OBAMA (62262) to get a free bumper sticker.
Five states down now off to Virginia. Get the latest from the ground here:
Zoe was born with half a heart. A video every parent needs to see:
Holding an online town hall to talk about the choice voters face in this year's elections. Watch the webcast at 7pm ET:
President Obama on Romney's game plan: "The problem is, everyone s already seen his economic playbook."
Watch the President explain his detailed plan to move us forward: And by the way, the math in my plan adds up.
LAST CALL: Enter to win dinner with President Obama and Michael Jordan before midnight.
Happy Easter.
Read this: "The Affordable Care Act Is Working"
Right now, Warren Buffet pays a lower tax rate than his secretary an outrage he has asked us to fix."
In February, 348,000 people donated to raise over $45 million for this campaign. Thank you.
Sunday, Monday, Election Day that s all the time we have left to win this thing. Sign up to help get out the vote now:
Know any expecting mothers? Let them know all health plans now include maternity care and they can find options here:
"We should do everything we can to keep creating good middle class jobs." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's #Obamacare ruling.
Happening now: President Obama speaks at the Building and Construction Trades Department Legislative Conference.
Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:
Just a few hours left in this round of Dinner with Barack if you win, the President may even share his fries with you:
Every one of us stands with you. It s our beloved city too. President Obama speaking at the interfaith service in Boston
Tying the knot soon? Don't forget to check your health care options:
Check out the kids in the back row to see why this is one of our favorite photos from this year.
"This deal will make America and the world safer and more secure." President Obama on the #IranDeal
LIVE: President Obama is in Miami talking about the progress made possible by the Affordable Care Act.
Here s your invitation to dinner with the President and @MichelleObama airfare s on us, you just need to enter:
Solar power is growing at record rates, supporting American jobs and helping fight climate change:
"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"The deadline to get covered this year is March 31st, which is just 11 days away." President Obama #LastCall2014
RT @jacbrubaker: Table is all set up! Stay away rain!! #VoteReg11 #SumOrg11 #Obama2012
RT if you agree: We need Congress to help businesses create more jobs not impose drastic cuts that will cost 750,000 jobs. #CutsWeCantAfford
Tonight is a critical deadline, and your grassroots donations will help @TheDemocrats in tight races across the country:
RT @OFA_OH: Mari came to Columbus from Fayette County to see @BarackObama at the Schott! #ReadyToGo
"Let's do it now. Let's not delay. Let's get this done. And let's do it in a bipartisan way." President Obama #ActOnReform #Immigration
Tune in here at 9pm ET to watch President Obama in tonight s debate, and get the facts you need to get his back:
Millions of supporters and volunteers powered this campaign tell your story:
We have a chance to do something historic this weekend, and you have a chance to help.
Seniors and people with disabilities on Medicare saved $8.9 billion on prescription drugs thanks to #Obamacare:
Retweet to share a happy reminder about health care reform.
Don't let Congress off the hook: Tell them it's time to reduce gun violence and help protect our kids.
Job seekers don't deserve to be left #OutInTheCold. Tell Congress to act:
On Monday Supreme Court Nominee Judge Sotomayor fractured her ankle. Sign her virtual cast:
President Obama: Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the family of former White House Press Secretary James Brady on his passing.
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. Read more:
RT @HelloKeni_NM: Beautiful clear fall day in New Mexico! Great day to be canvassing with @OFA_NM #WeCantWait #Obama2012 #OneYearOut
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends #GetCovered.
Vince Carter, Alonzo Mourning, and other hoops stars share why they re on #TeamObama and why your vote is so important:
Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline:
"We've got to make sure [every] job pays a decent wage." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
We have an obligation to try."
"What I've done is put forward a plan to rebuild our infrastructure in a responsible way." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Give this grassroots movement a lift become a recurring donor today:
"Today, America is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in nearly 20 years." President Obama
President Obama kept his promise to cut taxes for millions of families in his first term. See why the fight isn t over:
During this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots organizing:
Tennessee voters: Tweet @SenAlexander and @senbobcorker and ask them to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
RT @Kdub_key @BarackObama It has reminded me that no matter the anxiety I feel over finals, there are greater things happening in the world.
"We are fighting so everybody has a chance." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
RT @TruthTeam2012: To share the real story about spending under President Obama, RT this chart:
Addressing a joint session of Congress on health reform tonight tune in at 8pm ET:
Photo of the day: VP Biden meeting one of his littlest supporters in Davenport, Iowa yesterday.
What a Romney-Ryan administration would mean for women:
FACT: Romney opposes the President s plan to extend middle-class tax cuts for 98% of Americans and ask the wealthy to pay their fair share.
The economy added 160,000 jobs in April a record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.
President Obama in Ohio: "Another $5 trillion tax cut favoring the wealthy not change."
Taking questions from young African leaders from 47 nations at a White House town hall meeting. Watch live at 2 pm ET.
FLOTUS: We re here because of the vision for this country that we all share.
The choice in this election couldn't be clearer. Pitch in $5 to help make sure President Obama keeps us moving forward:
Time s running out: Sign up by March 31st to have health coverage in 2014.
President Obama: "It's time for Congress to get its act together and pass this jobs bill so I can sign it into law."
Putting our veterans back to work how President Obama's announcement today will help:
POTUS: Prosperity has never trickled down from a wealthy few. It has always come from the success of a strong and growing middle class.
RT @Obama2012: This election is your chance to see this country move forward instead of seeing it go backward. #ObamaNH
Retweet if you have a story like Amy's.
It's time to raise the minimum wage for all Americans. Add your name today to be part of this fight:
Washington can't get away with ignoring 90% of the country on gun violence prevention. Say you'll keep fighting:
A packed house for President Obama in Milwaukee tonight:
"If people want to know what I stand for, they can look at my record of governor." Get the facts on Romney economics:
FACT: The demand for health insurance in the new marketplace is still growing.
"Investment in our children nothing is more important." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Three #Obama2012 staffers shared their accounts of Inauguration Day 2009. Plug in your headphones and just press play:
"Our journey moves forward, and our future remains hopeful, and the state of our union will always be strong."
Today's Supreme Court decision on the #VRA is a setback, but it does not mean the end of our efforts to stop voting discrimination.
Now that we know who's on each team, RT to say you're with Obama-Biden:
President Obama welcomes our troops home as we mark the end of the war in Iraq:
Jody, a small business owner from Seattle, says repealing health care reform is a risk we can t afford:
A new ad about the ways President Obama is moving America forward:
RT if you stand with President Obama in support of millionaires paying their fair share in taxes. #BuffettRule
If you decide to try out the White House beer recipe, keep your new brew cold in style:
FACT: Paul Ryan would ask middle-class families to pay thousands of dollars more a year in taxes to help fund tax cuts for millionaires.
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthday sign the birthday card.
Oklahoma voters: Tweet @TomCoburn and @jiminhofe and ask them to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
If you re proud of President Obama for standing up for equal rights, have his back and pitch in now:
The clear choice we face in this election when it comes to protecting American workers:
"A home is the ultimate evidence that here in America, hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama delivers a statement from the White House.
I trust President Obama. I do not trust Mitt Romney. And that's really all I need to know. Joe, a Purple Heart veteran from PA #VoteObama
"When the playing field is level, American workers always win." President Obama
In the wake of the #NavyYardShooting, President Obama calls on Congress to take action to prevent gun violence.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward.
Just one of the many ways President Obama is making college more affordable:
Read how @OFA is training the next generation of digital organizers:
Tomorrow night is the first-ever Dashboard Open House get everything you need to organize for the President online:
Retweet to tell @SpeakerBoehner to #EndThisNow.
President Obama: "Let s prove that there is no better place to do business than the United States of America." #JobsNow
White House #FF: @whitehouse, @pfeiffer44, @PressSec, @Macon44, @billburton44, @petesouza
In Myrtle Beach heading to tonight's debate at 8pm on CNN. Please visit
.@VP Biden holds a "Campaign to Cut Waste" meeting. Watch live:
California Republican reps on Twitter: @RepJohnCampbell (CA-48),@DarrellIssa (CA-49), @BilbrayCA50 (CA-50), @repjeffdenham (CA-19)
Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked. #IranDeal
#AmericaForward high-five count: two.
WATCH: #With1010, hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up.
"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." President Obama #IranDeal
"When what you're doing hasn't worked for 50 years, it's time to try something new." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama: "Newtown, we want you to know that we re here with you. We will not walk away from the promises we ve made." #DemandAction
President Obama: I wake up every single day doing everything I can to give American workers a fair shot in the global economy.
It's not just workers: According to a new survey, support is high among employers to #RaiseTheWage.
"As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress our country has made over these past six years." President Obama #AmericaLeads
Check out this candid interview with President Obama on what s at stake for the LGBT community in November:
Only 26 days until Election Day. Tune in here tonight at 9pm ET to cheer on @JoeBiden in the vice presidential debate:
Test your knowledge on what health care reform does to help American families then pass this quiz on to your friends:
Read the President's message to @OFA supporters, asking people to raise their voices on climate change:
If you haven t yet, pick out your new American-made iPhone case at the #Obama2012 store now:
Parents: Turkey isn't the only thing to talk about at Thanksgiving this year. #GetTalking
"We've got a whole lot of infrastructure we could build that would put people to work right away." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
ICYMI: Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers.
We still have a long way to go. One job lost is one job too many. Still, this is good news:
"I will keep making the case that we need to raise [the] minimum wage." President Obama #ABetterBargain
"Fair wages and higher profits go hand in hand." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
President Obama: "I m going to keep pushing for high-quality preschool for every family that wants it."
In Cedar Rapids, IA at Coe College for the MySpace MTV Presidential Dialogue. It will stream live at 1:30pm ET www.myspace.com/election2008
Watch President Obama's weekly address on four key ideas for restoring #OpportunityForAll:
How Mitt Romney s plan would raise taxes on middle-class families:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice we face in this election.
"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." President Obama #Pride2016
In case you missed it:
The First Lady is calling will you answer? Host a #WomenForObama house party and get to know other local supporters:
America s businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months.
Don't forget: President Obama is speaking now at the Lincoln Memorial.
Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable:
Video: Defense Minister Ehud Barak Obama strong supporter of Israel:
Add your name if you agree with the President that our economy grows best from the middle out, not the top down:
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in to watch.
84 days to go pitch in $5 now to help make sure we keep going in the right direction:
Ever wondered what the "organizing" in Organizing for America really means? Watch this video to find out:
January 12 don't miss it.
RT if you're glad being a woman will no longer be a pre-existing condition thanks to #Obamacare. #WomensEqualityDay
The vast majority of Americans Romney insulted pay federal payroll taxes, property taxes, sales taxes, and state taxes.
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. From all of us at #Obama2012, thank you for the work you make possible every day including ours.
From saving the auto industry to standing up for vets, President Obama's moving us forward:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine.
President Obama on the 1 million jobs saved by the auto rescue: "These jobs are worth more than just a paycheck. They re a source of pride."
"Each of the Big Three automakers is now strong enough to stand on its own ... The American auto industry is back." President Obama
We've held nearly 650 grassroots planning sessions to map out this campaign in local communities all over the country.
FACT: Congress could jumpstart hiring by giving a 10% income tax credit to small businesses that create new jobs or increase wages in 2012.
Haaretz: "Obama is good for Israel."
It's August and @OFA volunteers nationwide are taking action on the issues that matter to them. Get involved:
This could be you this summer:
The National Christmas Tree Lighting begins in a few minutes. Watch it at 5pm ET:
WashPo: "Obama fundraising powered by small donors, new study shows."
The President's #SOTU2012 is on Tuesday. Make a night of it with other supporters by attending a watch party:
@KatelynGagnon Congratulations on a milestone! Your commitment to this movement from the beginning is an inspiration. #fitn
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination:
The vast majority of Americans support universal background checks and it's time for Congress to act:
Retweet if you agree: Climate change is real, and it's time for us to act. #ScienceSaysSo
Health care is a right, not a privilege and #Obamacare works to protect that right for millions of Americans.
RT @MichelleObama: Ready for tomorrow s rallies? Tag your tweets #Obama2012 for a chance to be featured on the big screen or the livestream.
California Republican reps on Twitter: @RepMcClintock (CA-04), @GOPWhip (CA-22), @eltongallegly24 (CA-24), @BuckMcKeon (CA-25)
If you live in Ohio, ask @robportman to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
We know that this country wasn t built from the top down. It was built by the middle class. President Obama
The health care marketplace is open for a limited time. Now's your chance to #GetCovered.
"It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." President Obama
Joining @ChuckSchumer in Schenectady, NY, to visit General Electric and speak on the economy. Watch live at 1:05pm ET.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies Dinner.
"We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to diminish the prospect that something like this could happen again." VP Biden
"For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." President Obama
"Let's be clear, there are no winners here ... The American people are completely fed up with Washington." President Obama on the #shutdown
In the weekly address, the President lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the future:
If you're feeling fired up by this convention, make it count: Ask a friend to commit to vote.
Climate change is real and its effects are already being felt. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
On Women's Equality Day, @OFA volunteers discussed ways to help working families succeed:
Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families. #FixOvertime
The unemployment rate is below 8% for the first time since January 2009.
An Oval Office meeting you don't want to miss: President Obama and @iamkidpresident.
President Obama on #EqualPay: Our journey isn't over "until our wives, our mothers, our daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts."
Expanding on the President's blueprint for an America built to last, here's his budget for FY2013:
Only a few hours left for the chance to join the Obamas for dinner. We ll fly you in but first you need to enter:
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would affect millions of Americans. #WhatRepealMeans
"The bottom line is 21st century families deserve 21st century workplaces." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
President Obama: "When you move to a voucher system, you are putting seniors at the mercy of insurance companies." #Debate2012
Are you hosting a watch party for the President's State of the Union tomorrow night? #SOTU2012 tips, just for you:
Those who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy. President Obama #IranDeal
Want more donations to your grassroots fundraising page? Let people know that their donation matters.
This week s Friday Facts takes a look at why the payroll tax cut is so important to middle-class families:
This campaign is on Pinterest. Pick a board (or all of them) and follow along:
President Obama is in Texas to urge Congress to pass the American Jobs Act. We'll be live-tweeting his speech. #passthebill
Obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. That's worth fighting for:
You and I, as citizens, have the obligation to shape the debates of our time.
Romney's 2011 tax returns confirm what we already knew: Romney pays a lower tax rate than the middle class.
Every Senate Republican filibustered the bill they've unilaterally decided not to do anything to help the economy before the next election.
We are a nation of immigrants.
Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violence state by state. Read more:
"I want to look out one more time. I'll never see this again."
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet we need to #RaiseTheWage.
Watch: President Obama is speaking at the White House Student Film Festival.
LIVE: Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland.
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violence add your name:
Stand with President Obama in support of giving every American a fair shot:
The new Democrats.org makes it easier than ever to find and support @TheDemocrats in your state and your community.
Learn why major companies are dropping their support of ALEC:
President Obama knows energy independence means more jobs and a stronger economy:
Happy National Park Week. Go #FindYourPark today.
Read this: Deputy Cabinet Secretary Michael Robertson on his cancer diagnosis and the importance of being covered.
"Any adult who cares can make a difference ... It doesn't take that much, but it takes more than we're doing now." President Obama
We ve heard it all before:
Texas Republican reps on Twitter:@michaelcburgess (TX-26), @farenthold (TX-27), @petesessions (TX-32).
Retweet this: Let's honor our fallen troops this #MemorialDay.
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts:
Now with video: The President and the marshmallow cannon.
"Free community college is possible and I want to spread that idea all across America." President Obama #SOTU
In the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform:
This marketplace is open now _ The deal is good. The prices are low. President Obama on #Obamacare
We ve come too far to turn back now:
Big news: California is averaging 15,000 signups in the marketplace per day. More from @washingtonpost:
This article debunks six big myths on climate change:
Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad _
The Obama administration and @CFPB are working to protect consumers and #StopTheDebtTrap.
Costco co-founder Jim Sinegal shares why President Obama s support for small businesses is unwavering :
Tonight is the deadline to have your name included in OFA's public comments to the EPA:
Just left a rally in Providence, RI & heading to Parma, OH for a Town Hall. Remind all your friends in OH, RI, TX & VT to vote this Tuesday.
The deadline is here. Go #GetCoveredNow:
Happy birthday, @MichelleObama!
TONIGHT: Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline.
On this National Gun Violence Awareness Day, let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun viole _
Congress left Lori #OutInTheCold with no unemployment insurance: "This isn't a game." Read more:
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help #StopGunViolence in America:
"I want to make sure America leads the world in research, technology, and clean energy." President Obama
Inspired to own a piece of this campaign? Pitch in $5 here:
RT @GleekRob: After an amazing introduction from Michelle, Barack Obama is speaking! Woo! #Obama2012
It's time to #GetTalking about health care. Get the information you need:
RT @mollyesque: Obama: "We are gonna win this thing door by door, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood."
President Obama: In 18 days, you re going to step into a voting booth. And you re going to have a very big choice to make.
You have given my children a new lease on life. Thank you.
ICYMI: Good news on job growth.
"I want to thank everybody that worked so hard to ensure that we arrived at this point today." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
In a little more than 2 weeks, you can set the direction of this country for the next 2 years. You have the chance to say, "Yes, we can."
"This will be a year of action." President Obama
If you want to make a difference in the life of our nation; if you want to make a difference in the life of a child become a teacher. #SOTU
You have a choice this election: @TheDemocrats, @DSCC, @DCCC, @TimKaine, @SenatorReid, @SpeakerPelosi, @democraticgovs #FF
"Everything in here is the kind of proposal that s been supported by both Democrats and Republicans including many who sit here tonight."
Please retweet: Add your name to @OFA's petition on gun violence prevention before midnight:
Congress needs to act right now to prevent interest rates on federal students loans from shooting up and shaking you down. President Obama
Yesterday, @ladygaga visited the White House to talk about putting an end to bullying:
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families. #ActOnClimate
See how Obamacare benefits you:
The Senate is expected to vote today on provisions of the American Jobs Act that would support teachers, police officers, and firefighters.
Today, I believe that as a nation, we are moving forward again. President Obama in Fairfax, VA
A win for public health: The Supreme Court has upheld @EPA's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule.
The Supreme Court must remain above politics. Judge Garland needs a hearing and a vote. #DoYourJob
Parents will always worry about their kids. Give them some peace of mind #GetCovered today.
POTUS: "I m running to make sure that every American has the chance to get the skills and training that today s jobs require."
We re facing tough choices on what the final push of this grassroots organization will look like. Pitch in $10 to help:
Don't let the House keep families apart. We deserve an #immigration system that works.
Heard the good news yet? 1.2 million Americans got covered between October and November.
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of #Obamacare customers are satisfied with their plans:
Get ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go!
Say you stand with President Obama the candidate in this election who trusts women to make their own health decisions:
Stand with Obama's plan to stop severe cuts to vital services and reduce our deficit in a balanced way:
Retweet if you think the economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. #ABetterBargain
Too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. Call them out now:
Peek-a-boo.
Announcing the expansion of the Educate to Innovate initiative live from the White House. Watch at 3:25pm ET.
RT if you agree: We need to keep growing our economy from the middle out not go back to the top-down policies that crashed it. #JobsNow
Nine in ten Americans supported expanded background checks, but Congress still did nothing. #WhatWillItTake for them to act?
Repealing the Affordable Care Act means stripping protections from families. This is the #CostOfRepeal:
Solving America's problems is going to require seriousness of purpose here in Washington not political games like this.
Letter of the week: Daimond explains the connection between his family history and working for change today.
"It isn t a Democrat or Republican issue ... It s a health care issue." Support for health care reform is bipartisan:
Yesterday the President certified the repeal of Don t Ask, Don t Tell." Gays and lesbians will serve their country openly in 60 days.
FACT: #TheRealRomney s plan would deny health care coverage to millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Photos of the day: @OFA_OH volunteers spent this past weekend mobilizing to protect voting rights in Ohio
President Obama urges Congress to pass the American Jobs Act so we can get America back to work:
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan:
FACT: Mitt Romney says he would get rid of the wind energy production tax credit, which could cost up to 37,000 American jobs within a year.
Chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year:
Volunteering is a priority because I don't see an alternative: It has to be President Obama."-Paul, @OFA_MT
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess ends say you'll let them know:
"I'm asking all of you to go out there and share these stories far and wide." President Obama on how Obamacare is working #OFASummit
LIVE: The President is in Knoxville discussing new initiatives to help Americans go to college.
Boston Globe: The claim that Obama has waived the welfare program s work mandate was widely debunked.
By the end of March, 1.8 million people had donated to own a piece of this campaign. Thank you. #Obama2012
This is how grassroots organizing is making progress in the fight to reduce gun violence:
President Obama: "I won't stop fighting for the American people until the day I leave this office. That's a promise."
Six million Americans and counting. #GetCoveredNow
Vice President Biden: While this week's jobs numbers showed growth, "we have to increase the pace."
John, a law student, talks about how the President s actions on student loans will help him:
In Sunrise Fl. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
Great to see so many fired-up supporters in my hometown. Take a look:
Last call for a chance to meet the President and First Lady at Sarah Jessica Parker's place on June 14th:
Yesterday, we asked what you'd talk about at #DinnerWithBarack. Here's what you said:
"Obamacare," "fence," and repeal were the top words of tonight's debate but #Obama2012 was the real winner.
President Obama: "Four years ago, I told you I'd end the war in Iraq, and we did."
Grateful to be with distinguished generals & admirals. Between them, they've served 9 Commanders-in-Chief. Honored to draw on their counsel.
Home for the holidays? It's a great time to talk to friends and family about getting covered.
You won't believe this:
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Gov. Romney has experience owning companies that were called pioneers in the business of outsourcing. President Obama
Focus on what matters this holiday season. Make sure your loved ones #GetCovered:
Today s reason to give: Supporters across the country who have given their time for a cause they believe in.
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. #DoYourJob
"With this case behind us, let's be clear: We've got more work to do." President Obama #ACAWorks
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its duties say you agree:
LIVE: President Obama welcomes @wwpinc's Soldier Ride to the White House.
Every day, families sacrifice to live within their means. They deserve a government that does the same. #SOTU
Two days left for Congress to act on jobs. Tell Republicans in Congress to get to work:
"Climate change poses a direct threat to the infrastructure of America." President Obama
Tonight, President Obama reflects on eight years of progress. Watch the #FarewellAddress at 9 pm ET:
Retweet if you agree that we can do better than our broken immigration system. The time for reform is now. #ImmigrationReform
President Obama: Use #JobsNow to "tweet your support of my plan to create jobs and strengthen the middle class."
Michelle and I are delighted to congratulate Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on their engagement. We wish you a life _
"Hell no."
The House budget's top-down approach would cut taxes for millionaires and raise them for middle class families:
Make sure to follow @OFA_FL for updates from tonight s @FlaDems State Convention in Orlando with @VP Biden. #FF
Check it out: A path to earned citizenship for undocumented immigrants brings huge benefits for the U.S. economy.
RT @Obama2012: Today we re announcing new steps to strengthen regulation of energy markets. President Obama
FACT: Romney has said it s fair for him to pay a lower tax rate than a worker making $50,000, despite making nearly $14 million last year.
"I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." President Obama
Four years ago, Barack Obama won the Iowa caucus. Where were you? #Obama2012
This shouldn't be an issue in 2015. #LeadOnLeave
"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." President Obama on #RoshHashanah
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston.
It s not every day you get to eat a slice of birthday cake with the President:
The story of Ampad: Mitt Romney's firm walks away with $100m while 1,500 workers lose their jobs.
Take a look at the official card from @OFA supporters to President Obama for his 52nd birthday:
Retweet if you agree: Smart #ImmigrationReform will benefit our economy and keep families together. Let's get it done.
The U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave it's time to change that. #LeadOnLeave
Built by organizers for organizers Dashboard is your go-to place to get involved in this campaign:
"America's coming back. And I'm going to be on your side every step of the way." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
Our goal is to make sure people understand the facts, and then more often than not, they'll want to come on board.
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impact apply to be an @OFA fellow today:
Congress should start solving real problems. It's time the House votes on #immigration reform:
Congress has just 9 days left to act on jobs before its summer recess:
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your @OFA Classic Tee:
Meeting with business leaders from both small and large companies this afternoon to discuss innovation and job creation
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." President Obama #SOTU
RT from a year ago @BarackObama: "Same-sex couples should be able to get married." President Obama
Retweet if you agree that the time is now for immigration reform. #TakeItToTheHouse
Steven, FL: I am voting for Barack Obama and Joe Biden because I can trust them to care for the middle class &amp; restore the American dream.
POTUS: Doesn't it make sense to agree to keep taxes low for the 98% of Americans who are working hard and can t afford a tax hike?
"Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 Americans per month." President Obama #AmericaLeads
Tomorrow will be six months since #Newtown and Congress still has done nothing to prevent gun violence. Those 26 families deserve better.
In Washington, DC. Speaking to the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC). Watch it live at:
Valerie: "I really feel in my heart people need to know what Mitt Romney did to Marion, Indiana in 1994."
Read how @OFA volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care:
You can make a real impact for #Obamacare right now:
If you want your representatives to hear from you on the issues that matter most, this is your chance:
The other side relies on negative ads that distort the truth but you can out-organize them in your community:
Holding a discussion on the Economy in Chester, VA. Watch it live at
President Obama took action today against #LGBT discrimination. Read more:
Obama: "90% of Americans support universal background checks ... How often do 90% of Americans agree on anything?"
FACT: As governor, Romney signed a $160,000/month contract that used taxpayer money for a consumer call center in India.
Make sure to watch President Obama speak about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act at 2:30 p.m. ET:
Let's be clear: #Obamacare is working and helping millions of Americans.
"We've got to get student loan interest rates back down." President Obama, affordable education is essential to #ABetterBargain
Fact: President Obama has cut taxes for all working Americans. Tax rates are nearly the lowest they ve been since the 1950s.
Thank you to all who helped us reach 10 million supporters on Facebook.
Neil Armstrong was a hero not just of his time, but of all time. Thank you, Neil, for showing us the power of one small step. -bo
"You still have a month to sign up ... It doesn't take that long." President Obama #Asegurate
"I want to work with them, but I can't wait for them." President Obama says Congress must act to #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
RT @RepHankJohnson: My office is receiving dozens of calls per hour in favor of Health Care Reform. I hear you. I'm with you
Yesterday, President Obama proposed a change to our immigration rules to help keep American families together:
"Her greatest stories were true." President Obama on Maya Angelou
"No one who works full-time in America should have to live in poverty." President Obama on raising the minimum wage. #ABetterBargain
President Obama shares how he s helping small businesses grow and create jobs and who gets to cut his hair:
The crowd in Davenport: Four more years.
Day three of the #BoehnerShutdown. Day three of the new @Obamacare marketplace providing health insurance options to millions.
President Obama on Congress: "If they don't act by the end of the summer, federal funding for transportation projects will run out."
President Obama on Romney s false debate claims: If you want to be President, you owe the American people the truth.
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job:
Change won t happen on its own. We need to fight for it:
Let President Obama know you ve got his back in asking the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share in taxes.
FACT: Since President Obama took office, America has increased its electricity generation from solar more than 10-fold.
FACT: By the time Gov. Romney left office, more businesses were going out of business in Massachusetts than being created.
FACT: 92% of Americans and 74% of NRA members support universal background checks for gun sales.
Breaking: Congress is hearing the voices of the 92% of Americans who support background checks for all gun sales.
President Obama: The typical family has seen their tax burden go down about $3,600 on the federal level because of our policies.
"Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These aren t frills they re basic needs." Watch the weekly address:
"A mom should not have to go bankrupt if her son or daughter gets sick ... I think most Americans agree with that" President Obama #CGI2013
In Las Vegas, heading to Nevada Democratic Party/MSNBC Debate. Watch it live at 9pm ET on MSNBC. Text your thoughts to 62262 after.
The Senate just passed #ENDA 64-32 now it's time for the House to take action to protect LGBT American workers from workplace discrimination
Meet some new people, knock on some doors, and get out the vote! There are weekend of action events happening near you:
Answering your questions on the State of our Union today at 1:45pm ET. Watch live:
Beat the sun to Tampa. Looking forward to day two of our marathon trip. -bo
Our O Bama shirts are now sold out, but you can take 10% off all #Obama2012 gear until midnight with the code O BAMA:
Students and parents, check this out: See how your vote this fall will affect your college costs.
President Obama has announced @JohnKerry as his nominee to be the next Secretary of State:
RT @Obama2012: See how the #ACA is making a difference in your state:
You should share our video on today s student loan announcement with your friends:
This afternoon, President Obama will become the first sitting president to vote early. Find out if you can join him:
In Fayetteville, NC on the 5th Anniv. of the Iraq War, stating, "I will set a new goal on Day One: I will end this war."
Be proud of the progress we've made together wear the mark of this movement.
RT @WhiteHouse #Malaria kills ~1,000,000/yr. Here's our 6yr strategy to fight back & #endmalaria
Friday Facts: Learn about the Buffett Rule and why it s so important that millionaires pay their fair share
"I want every child to grow up knowing that a woman s hard work is valued and rewarded just as much as any man s." President Obama #EqualPay
Every day, I m fighting to make sure that America is the best place on earth to do business. President Obama on making financing easier
Pitch in $5 to support the only candidate in this race who has a plan to keep us moving forward, not back:
Delivered my closing argument earlier today in Canton, Ohio. Watch the full speech at
I ll use the money we re no longer spending on war to pay down our debt and put more people back to work. President Obama
Never doubt:
President Obama on Romney s stance on contraception: He supported legislation that would turn those decisions over to a woman s employer.
Did #DNC2012 get you fired up? Put that energy into action make plans to volunteer this weekend:
DEADLINE: There's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change.
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the bench even some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agre _
"At a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." President Obama
Summer organizing alums talk about their experiences, and why you should apply:
Eight years after the Obamas paid off their own student loans, they re working to make education more affordable:
This minimum wage petition is a big deal: Make sure your name is on it.
President Obama: "For two years now, I've offered a balanced approach to deficit reduction that would prevent these harmful cuts." #JobsNow
"These cuts are not smart. They will hurt our economy and cost us jobs and Congress can turn them off at any time."
Now, Ray is covered. Used to be, he had to stretch his leukemia medicine in case he became uninsured.
The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction. #DoYourJob
FACT: Romney promised to lower taxes, but instead raised taxes and fees on Massachusetts families and businesses by $750 million per year.
This study concludes that no one has to choose between fighting climate change and growing the economy:
Focused:
Add your name to support improving our economy and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs:
If we rally around a new kind of economic patriotism, we will rebuild this economy together. We will rebuild the middle class together.
"Finally, Congress needs to help rather than hinder law enforcement as it does its job."
"Citizenship means standing up for the lives that gun violence steals from us each day." President Obama #SOTU
For health reform and so much else, we need to elect @MarthaCoakley to the Senate next week. Call key MA voters tonight:
Speaking in Falls Church, VA, on the new health reform benefits that go into effect tomorrow. Listen live at 11:45am ET.
Between 2008 and 2011, U.S. electricity production from both solar and wind power more than doubled. #MadeInAmerica
We give thanks for those who sacrificed everything so that we could be free.
Going to be on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart tonight. 11:00pm ET on Comedy Central. Hope you watch & reply with your thoughts after.
Tweet your senator make sure they know students can t afford double the interest on loans:
Today we honor every service member who has ever worn one of our nation's uniforms. Happy Veterans Day.
Retweet if you think hard-working Americans deserve a raise. #RaiseTheWage
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." President Obama
"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new program to help communities hit hardest by the recession.
Student loan debt is not just a young person's problem:
The new #Obama2012 smartphone app was @Gizmodo's app of the day yesterday:
"You won't go broke just because you got sick." President Obama on the Affordable Care Act #OpportunityForAll
Why Cordero will be out registering voters this fall:
LIVE: President Obama answers questions about college affordability on @tumblr. Tune in:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
President Obama on the Supreme Court s ruling on Arizona s immigration law:
POTUS: "Go to GottaVote _com. Vote early. If you vote early, then you can spend the rest of the time getting other folks to vote.
At a One-Stop Early Vote Rally at The University of North Carolina, Dean E. Smith Center. More info:
President Obama: "The future will never have as many lobbyists as the past." #Forward2012
The simple things.
Here s a reminder from @GinaEPA of a few challenges the EPA has conquered in the past:
Instead of re-fighting battles, let s fix what needs fixing and move forward. Make a call for health reform today.
"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." President Obama #IranDeal
Let's go.
The benefits of fighting climate change are clear the sooner we #ActOnClimate, the better off we'll be.
"We are in this together, and we are going to see it through." President Obama on #Obamacare
Retweet if you agree with President Obama. #SOTU
#FF @TheDemocrats, @whitehouse, @timkaine, and @HouseDemocrats
FACT: Since taking office, President Obama has cut taxes for the typical American family by $3,600. #progress
The progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade. President Obama #IranDeal
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about what s at stake for the middle class this fall.
Obama: "The sequester uses a meat-cleaver approach to gut critical investments in things like education &amp; national security." #JobsOverCuts
Put yourself in their shoes. Imagine you ve done everything right your entire life _ only to suddenly face the threat of deportation.
In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act:
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a #SXSW2016 panel on civic engagement and technology.
Americans are #NotBackingDown on gun safety. Honor the six-month anniversary of #Newtown at an @OFA event near you:
Less than 5,000 away:
In ways large and small, we ve begun to deliver on the change you fought so hard for, but we can t afford to slide back.
"Our country is stronger when every American can count on affordable health insurance." President Obama
Four years ago, then-Senator Obama used a simple phrase that became the rallying cry for this movement: Yes, we can.
If they put in as much energy into making this law work as they do attacking the law, Americans would be better off. President Obama
"On days like this there are no Republicans or Democrats we are Americans, united in concern for our fellow citizens." President Obama
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: "Congress needs to prevent the interest rates on federal student loans from shooting up and shaking you down."
Our country has benefited from the voice Elizabeth Edwards gave to the cause of building a society that lifts up all those left behind.
FACT: The President is nearly doubling fuel efficiency standards for cars &amp; trucks, saving families more than $8,000 at the pump per car.
Many GOP leaders are cutting ties with Richard Mourdock for his outrageous rape comments but Romney still supports him:
President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how:
"He's helped with Ohio jobs by rescuing the auto industry that's very important for Ohioans." Rebecca, a speech therapist, on the President
President Obama on the House's failure to extend the payroll tax cut: "This is exactly why people get so frustrated with Washington."
Here's what these people have to say about health care reform. #ThisIsWhy
"Our businesses have now created more than 8 million new jobs." President Obama
I don t know of any American president who has had a Swiss bank account.
Dinner with the President at George Clooney s house. Chip in $3 now for a chance to win:
POTUS: It s up to you to stand up and be heard, to write, to lobby, to march, to organize. Don t be content to sit back and watch.
After losing about 800,000 jobs a month when I took office, our businesses have now added 5.2 million new jobs over the past 2.5 years.
The economic progress we've made is undeniable let's keep it up.
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out:
"On behalf of Michelle and our family, G mar Chatimah Tovah." President Obama #YomKippur
We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few.
"For the first time in many years, Republicans &amp; Democrats seem ready to tackle this problem together."
"That s when America works best when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." President Obama
Just like your favorite romantic comedies but with benefits:
"Jobs. Middle class. Growth." President Obama #ABetterBargain
In April, Romney s campaign said we ll get back to you on whether he supports an #EqualPay law. We're still waiting:
Today's your last chance to meet Barack and sit with Michelle at the Democratic National Convention next month:
"Even with good jobs, it took Michelle and me a long time to pay off our student loans." President Obama. We need to #MakeCollegeAffordable
Read the President's full statement on Senate Republicans' decision to block the Paycheck Fairness Act today:
The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to #ActOnClimate show your support:
Final House vote on health reform expected on Sunday with your help, we re going to make this happen.
Mitt Romney pays 13.9% of his income in taxes less than most middle-class families:
Thanks to the new #overtime rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security.
President Obama will speak about the status of deficit reduction talks at 11am ET. Watch live:
"If, like me, you want this time to be different, then I need your help to make it different."
You don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change:
Watch how President Obama is fighting to help schools raise education standards and make college more affordable:
"Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working Americans." President Obama
President Obama on the Romney-Ryan budget: It would cut financial aid for nearly 10 million students overall.
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: We don t need more top-down economics. We ve tried it and it didn t work.
Visiting Portland, Salem and Eugene, Oregon today. Honored to have Governor Bill Richardson's endorsement.
As we mark a huge step forward for cleaner air today, stand with President Obama to fight for even more progress:
President Obama congratulates Congress for reaching an agreement to extend the payroll tax cut:
Wisconsin Republican reps on Twitter: @reppaulryan (WI-1), @repseanduffy (WI-7), @repribble (WI-8) #compromise
Speaking at the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of John F. Kennedy s inauguration. Watch live at 7pm ET.
"This is not just another election. This is a make-or-break moment for the middle class." President Obama
"Few pieces of legislation have defined our national identity as distinctly, or as powerfully." President Obama on the #CivilRightsAct1964
There s still time to find a State of the Union watch party before tomorrow s 9pm ET address:
"There's no denying a simple truth: America deserves a raise." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #RaiseTheWage
Chasing the sun to L.A.
Retweet if you agree: The House should be focusing on #immigration not trying to keep Americans from getting health care at a lower cost.
New York Times: If Mr. Romney truly cared about the fundamental right to vote, he would support it for everyone.
Give it your best shot enter today for your chance to meet the President:
"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." President Obama
Check out President Obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families:
In Asheville, NC at a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
Heartland for Obama:
We can fix our broken immigration system, but only if you make your voice heard. Share your family's #ImmigrationStory:
Volunteers with @OFA_OH, @OHDems and others are protecting early voting watch as Ohioans deliver the first signatures:
Live in AK? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit reduction.
Say hello to friends you know and everyone you meet.
President Obama on restoring America's basic bargain: "If you work hard, if you're willing to meet your responsibilities you can get ahead."
Help fight back against health care repealers.
Four years ago, Barack Obama promised to fight for equal pay. See how he's followed through as President:
After nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. Congratulations @StephenAtHome.
FACT: 5.7 million more people will have coverage if Medicaid is expanded in all 50 states. #PeopleOverPolitics
In Columbia, SC with Oprah - watch the webcast live now at
DEADLINE: Only three days left. #GetCoveredNow
Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon:
At 11am ET, I call on Americans to observe a moment of silence to honor the innocent victims of the senseless tragedy in Tucson, Arizona.
A look back at teach your parents how to tweet week (via @WhiteHouse):
Have you entered our #DinnerWithBarack contest yet? You should give it a shot:
Alarming study health care costs increased last year at the fastest rate in 50 years. Help show that Americans want action.
Immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. Read more from @PennyPritzker:
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention:
"Let's make this a year of action." Read President Obama's note to @OFA supporters:
A new low for Mitt Romney:
President Obama recorded an Election Day message for you:
At an event at the Canton Memorial Civic Center in Canton, OH. Watch it live at
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle it.
The Romney-Ryan plan: 125 tax hikes to pay for one tax cut.
Want to join the conversation on the #IranDeal? Add your name to get more information.
Thanks for being a member of this team in 2011 you're the reason we're starting strong in 2012.
About to speak about the situation in Egypt. Watch live at 6:20pm ET.
FACT: Under President Obama, U.S. electricity production from renewable energy sources is on track to double by the end of 2012. #progress
President Obama's common-sense actions will help #StopGunViolence. Now Congress needs to step up.
Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to #ActOnClimate:
The economy is headed in the right direction but there's more work to do:
Hector, a construction electrician in Minnesota, knows firsthand how badly Americans need action on jobs:
In Chicago,holding an economic discussion with the Democratic governors. Watch it live now at
Photos of the day: A look at @VP Biden s travels in China, Japan, and Mongolia over the past few days:
The cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. Get the chart:
When then-Senator Obama spoke against the Iraq war in 2002, Bob supported him. In 2012, he still does:
"The American people and our judicial system deserve better." President Obama on the continued partisan filibusters of #DCCircuit nominees
RT @MichelleObama: It was great to be back in Philly today with such a fantastic crew of supporters. You guys truly inspire me. mo
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses. #ActOnClimate
When Judy found out that she was having dinner with the President and First Lady, she was floored:
These Fortune 500 companies are stepping up their commitment to fight climate change:
RT @Rep_Giffords The #Capitol looks beautiful and I am honored to be at work tonight.
President Obama s Wall Street reform ends the era of too big to fail and taxpayer bailouts:
Meanwhile, on Mars:
Watch @VP Joe Biden deliver the weekly address, saying it's time to help the middle class:
Chip in today to join the fight for change:
Happy belated birthday just doesn t have the same ring to it. Sign President Obama s birthday card today:
Just 27 days left in this campaign. Pitch in $5 or more now to help win this thing in the final stretch:
President Obama wishes you a happy Thanksgiving:
Let President Obama know you're with him tell Congress to take action on jobs:
President Obama in Green Bay, WI: I want to thank you for giving such a warm welcome to a Bears fan.
"Hey Congress: Get #ImmigrationReform done." @JulianCastro:
The number of people who #GotCovered is growing. Are you one of them?
Happening now: President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception.
The President is urging Congress to cut taxes for working families by asking the wealthiest 0.2% of Americans to pay their fair share.
"We've got a problem and it's one that can be fixed." President Obama on unemployment insurance #RenewUI
This could all be yours:
Week 3 of the government shutdown, and now Tea Party Republicans are threatening an economic shutdown. #EndThisNow:
Affordable health insurance plans are just a click away:
We are starting to see signs of strength in the auto industry a true testament to the resolve of American workers.
Lew, a business owner in St. Louis, knows that a fair wage is a key part of the American dream. Check out his story:
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief.
Tomorrow s Election Day in Wisconsin. Make sure friends and neighbors know what s at stake and help get out the vote:
Show everyone on the road that you ve got the President s back with this retro car magnet:
My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally.
On Mother s Day, a reminder for the ceiling-shattering women in your family:
"So pleased to congratulate The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the joyous occasion of the birth of their first child." President Obama
I m one step closer to my dreams.
With less than 20 minutes left, Obamacare is still on top.
There's no need to overcomplicate the process. #DoYourJob
"I thank Democratic and Republican leaders from the House and Senate who have worked hard to get this budget done." President Obama
Retweet if you agree: Homeownership should be a source of security for generations to come. We deserve #ABetterBargain.
Still on the fence? Check out these fifteen reasons to sign up:
"It s frustrating for students who are working hard." President Obama on the bill to reduce student debt blocked by some Senate Republicans
FACT: The earnings gap between people with a college degree vs. a high school diploma is the largest since 1915. #DontDoubleMyRate
DYK: President Obama has passed 18 direct tax cuts for small businesses. #SBW2013 More:
Meet Brendan from Seattle and see why he was inspired to become an #Obama2012 grassroots fundraiser:
ICYMI: President Obama visited mom-and-pop shops in historic Parkville, Missouri:
Show a little muscle this election season this tank top is 25% off with the code VOTEOBAMA:
The American people send their deepest condolences to the Chilean people. The U.S. is ready to help in any way.
President Obama ordered the raid on Osama bin Laden s compound, eliminating the man responsible for the 9/11 attacks:
Arne Duncan is answering your questions on education reform. Watch live at 11:00 a.m. ET:
The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the world and it's getting better.
In case you missed it last night, here's @Messina2012 on what the #iacaucus results mean for us:
Speaking from the White House after today s bipartisan meeting with congressional leadership. Watch live:
Romney on Planned Parenthood: "We're going to get rid of that." Stand up for women's health and pass it on:
WATCH: Americans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more #With1010.
It is fundamental to America s national security that the Senate to approve the New START treaty this year.
America s men and women in uniform have served with courage and resolve. I am proud of their service and awed by their sacrifice.
There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. Add your name to join the fight:
President Obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. Stand up for #ImmigrationAction:
Add your name if you think leaders in these states need to stop blocking Medicaid expansion:
Congress has 44 days before its summer recess to act on the President s jobs plan. Tell them to get to work:
Thanks to #Obamacare, refunds are on their way to millions of Americans. Check out @OFA's new ad and get the facts:
"Pick any metric you want America s resurgence is real." Watch President Obama's weekly address:
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Ent rate del impacto que tendr _a en tu vida una presidencia Romney-Ryan visita
Join President Obama in urging Congress to pass the #BuffettRule to make our tax system fairer:
Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial.
Watch live: President Obama addresses the nation on Syria.
Senate leaders should listen to the American people. #DoYourJob
Donate $10 or more to #Obama2012, get a car magnet it s that easy:
Continuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama is calling on Congress to raise the minimum wage.
POTUS in Ohio yesterday: It s working people like you who helped to lay the cornerstones of middle-class security.
"I believe America is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
More questions about Mitt Romney:
Signing up for health care took Patti five minutes it also saved her $100 a month:
FACT: The President s all-of-the-above energy strategy will help cut our oil imports in half &amp; double the fuel efficiency of cars &amp; trucks.
Chrysler continued its comeback last quarter by posting $436 million in profits:
President Obama in Virginia today: When working people do well, everybody does well.
"I don t believe in an economy from the top down. I believe that the economy grows from the middle class out, and from the bottom up."
If the #shutdown continues to November 1, it will have cost the economy $5,000,000,000.
I voted early for President Obama because I believe he will protect Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid for the future. Peter A., CO
President Obama: "I don t believe that weapons designed for theaters of war have a place in movie theaters. Most Americans agree with that."
"Nobody who works full time in America should be raising their kids below the poverty line." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
"Any young person who doesn't have health insurance can stay on their parents health insurance until they're 26 years old." President Obama
Wolf Blitzer: Congressman Ryan s low point happened near the end of the debate _ when he was asked about abortion.
VPOTUS: We ve taken more terrorists off the battlefield in the last 3 years than in the previous 8, putting al-Qaeda on a path to defeat.
When are you planning to vote on Election Day?
"Ten million Americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." President Obama
President Obama kicks off a White House jobs tour of North Carolina and Virginia at Asheville Regional Airport. Listen:
Inspired as usual by Michelle. Watch her discuss what health reform means to her as a woman and a mom:
A night in NYC hosted by Sarah Jessica Parker the President and First Lady will be there, and you could be, too:
RT @DrBryanZygmont RT @BarackObama: Four years ago? I was in Dubuque, Iowa caucusing for Barack.
Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule that expands protections for millions:
President Obama: Last night, Gov. Romney looked you right in the eye and tried to pretend that he never said let Detroit go bankrupt.
An argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution. President Obama #IranDeal
"There is something called the Highway Trust Fund ... It helps states fund state infrastructure projects." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Today @OFA supporters across the country are calling out #climate change deniers, and so can you:
Before today's vote, let your Republican legislator know you support extending the payroll tax cut:
President Obama: "My plan actually will move America forward. And by the way, the math in my plan adds up."
Let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. Add your name now:
Just as shocked about the annual income of a minimum wage earner as these people? Join the fight to #RaiseTheWage:
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess.
Be on the right side of history. Add your name to continue the fight for equality:
Game on. #SheBelieves
"We're calling this a year of action ... I'm not going to wait for Congress." President Obama
"It's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage." President Obama #With1010
Help President Obama celebrate another great year wish him a happy birthday:
It's time for lawmakers to get back to solving problems instead of creating them. #TimeForRealWork
Still narrowing down your list of New Year's resolutions? #DonateAResolution to Obama 2012 today:
Climate change is real and it's devastating communities across the country. We have #ActOnClimate now.
"They were heroes..." Read President Obama's statement on the firefighter tragedy in Arizona:
Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint: It's #44.)
"She inspired generations of young girls to reach for the stars." President Obama on the passing of Sally Ride
In a previously unreleased clip from the last #DinnerWithBarack, the President explains what these meals mean to him:
OFA staff here, about to begin live-tweeting the strategy mtg w/ Pres. Obama. Join in:
Voters in Kansas: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
"March 31st, that's the last call. If they want health insurance now, they need to sign up." President Obama #ActionSummit
RT @ricky_martin: @BarackObama It's such an honor, Mr. President. #PresidentialPlaylist
Just 6 days left until Election Day. Help get out the vote in your community:
POTUS: Every generation among you served to keep us strong and free. And it falls to us, those that follow, to preserve what you won.
A special edition of West Wing Week from Asia:
I m here for the small businesses who are forced to choose between health care and hiring. #iamherefor
NY @repmichaelgrimm says "we're getting closer every day" on comprehensive #immigration reform:
Speaking on jobs and the economy at V&M Star in Youngstown, Ohio, at 1:30 pm ET. Watch live:
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the @OFA Truth Team and get the facts to fight back:
Add your name if you support Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids:
850,000 unemployed veterans need Congress to step up:
Get dinner with the President airfare's on us:
Building a clean energy economy is a great way to #ActOnClimate for people across the country.
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in to support @OFA and you'll be automatically entered to win a trip to celebrate in Chicago.
TV won't be the same without Dave.
See how President Obama is making college more affordable for millions of Americans:
If you support deficit reduction, you should support #ImmigrationReform. Add your name:
OFA has a birthday coming up you could win a spot to join the party in D.C. Donate to be automatically entered:
Kentucky voters: Tweet @SenRandPaul and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
The greatest responsibility I have as President is to keep the American people safe. That s why I ended the war in Iraq. President Obama
Congratulations to CA Rep. Judy Chu district on becoming the first Chinese American woman elected to Congress
Add a comment if you agree: American workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck.
Yesterday we took important steps toward solving the global problem of climate change. Read more:
Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card. Step 2: Celebrate.
Listen live: President Obama &amp; @VP Biden speak at the Violence Against Women Act bill signing.
President Obama in Toledo: "To everyone who is working hard each and every single day, happy Labor Day."
95% of Americans live in states where average premiums in the new insurance marketplace will be lower than projected:
RT @TMegown: @OFA_NV vol Penny & her kids Aharon, Addison, & Trinity are In for #Obama2012 b/c NV matters!
RT @JimOberstar: Health Care Reform Passes!!! 220 to 215
FACT: In the last three years, American manufacturers have added nearly 500,000 jobs. #JobsNow
"21st century businesses will rely on American science, technology, research and development." President Obama #SOTU
RT @jomalleydillon: I love Iowa! Especially @OFA_IA volunteers & Teams! Check them out for yourself:
FACT: Health care reform strengthens Medicare benefits, including lower premiums, free preventive care, and cheaper prescription drugs. #ACA
"This country works best when we're working together." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
"Fourth, my plan will cut the deficit by $4 trillion over the next 10 years in a balanced way, by cutting spending that we don t need."
"The dream became a possibility and the possibility became reality." Tom K.
Romney had nothing to say about Afghanistan last week, let alone offer a plan for the 33,000 troops who will have come home this month.
"For the past four and a half years, we've been fighting back against a brutal recession." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
High five.
We answer to the American people, and they are demanding action.
This summer, we unleashed a powerful movement for change. See the latest dispatches from the ground:
"I will not go back to the days when health insurance companies had unchecked power to cancel your policy."
"The next generation of manufacturing will be an American revolution." President Obama #InnovationNation
States that raised the minimum wage are seeing stronger job growth:
Are you a small business owner and an #Obama2012 supporter? Write a letter to the editor this tool makes it easy:
President Obama: Gov. Romney wants to end the tax credit we created that s saving families up to $10,000 on tuition over four years.
This campaign is only as strong as the volunteers who stand behind it will you join us?
There are currently #1Million600K American job seekers without unemployment insurance. This must end now:
It is upsetting to me that in 2012 the use of birth control has become controversial.
Use this tax calculator to find out how your vote this fall will impact your family s tax bill:
What did you think of #RoadTraveled?
For many Americans, the Affordable Care Act means getting health insurance for the first time. Listen up:
The real victims of climate change: people. Watch the trailer for "Years of Living Dangerously":
.@OFA_VA: "One of the ways we'll win in November."
Take time today to honor the hard work of the military and the sacrifices of their families to ensure our freedom. Watch:
"Trade that s fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." President Obama
Today's jobs report is a reminder: We can't afford self-inflicted wounds on the economy. Time to end the #sequester with a balanced approach
.@OFA's fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. Be a part of it:
Obama on Romney: In this campaign, he s tried as hard as he can to repackage these old ideas that didn't work and offer them up as change.
Our economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the most in nearly three years:
Arne Duncan stopped by Organizing for America's headquarters to answer your questions on education. Watch:
Add your name if you agree: We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy.
At a campaign stop in Iowa today, @VP Biden talked about American jobs coming back stronger than ever:
This is huge: Almost every country in the world just signed on to the #ParisAgreement on climate change thanks to American leadership.
In Las Vegas, NV for the presidential debate. It will be broadcast live tonight at 8pm ET on CNN. Txt your thoughts throughout to 62262.
Retweet if you support American leadership on climate change. #ActOnClimate
If you re a student who supports the President, follow @Students4Obama for the latest on what s at stake for you this fall.
Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak from Michigan about the resurgent American auto industry:
Don't miss @JonCarsonOFA's #iMarch town hall, starting now. Tweet him your questions about how #OFA is fighting for #ImmigrationReform.
RT @TruthTeam2012: .@BarackObama promised to help millions of homeowners this year. Here s how he s kept his word:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown.
Peter D. from California on why he's voting to re-elect the President: Obama has been a man of his word.
We need a vision that says we don t just look out for ourselves we look out for one another other; we look out for future generations.
"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." President Obama
If you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice:
The President has a plan to fight climate change you should support it:
The next 60 days are going to fly by. Get your ducks in a row now: Commit to vote.
We did not finish paying off our student loans until about 8 years ago. President Obama
It wasn t easy, but we got it done. It s been two years since the #ACA became a law:
Watch the town hall meeting last Friday in Allentown, Pa., about the job situation:
A preview of President Obama's plan to #MakeCollegeAffordable by @nytimes:
President Obama on Romney: "When it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the foreign policies of the 1980s." #RomneyWrong
You know the drill the GOP debate starts at 7pm CT, and we ll be keeping score at
"If this country is about anything, it s about passing on greater opportunity to the next generation." President Obama to @NatUrbanLeague
Debate prep: Make sure your friends know President Obama s plan to keep us moving forward.
Americans are paying less and getting more from their health care. More from @voxdotcom:
LIVE: The President is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system.
Song of the day: Born in the U.S.A.
Spread the truth: Don't let opponents of reform play partisan politics with health care.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on U.S. energy priorities and promoting energy security.
The Organizing for America community came together to make a personalized holiday video for you. Enjoy.
@Mrs_Godfrey: Great question! You'll find everything you need to show your #Obama2012 support here:
A government shutdown will have a real impact on real people right away and the House is hours away from forcing one. #EnoughAlready
If you re a woman for Obama, say it loud and proud on a bumper, laptop, or fridge:
Announcing a plan to modernize America s roads, rails, and runways creating jobs now and making our economy better over the long haul.
Massachusetts mayors speak out on Mitt Romney's performance as governor:
Add your name if you're ready to #ActOnClimate:
Every day, President Obama reads and responds to 10 letters from ordinary Americans:
If you thought Republicans in Congress couldn't possibly vote against the interests of teachers and cops, they proved you wrong tonight.
"If you haven t looked at your new coverage options, you ve still got time to get covered." President Obama
This weekend, Obama supporters are teaming up for a nationwide voter registration drive find out how to be part of it:
"America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." President Obama
President Obama to Mitt Romney: "We don t want an inside job in Washington. We want change in Washington."
Keep the pressure on Congress until this gets done: Add your name to support Obama's plan to reduce gun violence.
For the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to #ActOnClimate.
President Obama: "We can t ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction." #JobsOverCuts
"We're going to keep pushing to build a better bargain for everyone in this country who works hard." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
Join millions of supporters fighting to pass the agenda Americans voted for last fall:
"Let's lift these threats from our families and our businesses ... Let's get down to work." President Obama #JustVote
President Obama welcomes you to day two of his 8-state, 48-hour "campaign extravaganza":
A high school teacher making $54,000 who's got three kids and is her household's primary source of income. #WrittenOffByRomney
A 54-page, $10 million proposal by top Republican strategists titled "The Defeat of Barack Hussein Obama":
From @washingtonpost: President Obama sees action on #climate change as part of his legacy.
Foreign policy heavyweights break down the stark contrast between the President &amp; Gov. Romney on Iran:
The four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since 1973 a sign of a healthy labor market.
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a #SCOTUS nominee:
Photo of the day: President Obama and Elie Wiesel tour the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." President Obama #ACAWorks
For Renee, this was a life saver:
At the first commercial break, "repeal" is in the lead what do you think the candidates will say next? #DebateWatch
See how raising the minimum wage will grow the economy for everyone:
RT if you agree: Mitt Romney should follow decades of precedent and release his tax returns.
Congrats to the House for introducing strong, fully paid-for health reform legislation that includes a public option:
Getting covered is easier than you think:
The VP wants to buy you a coffee join Joe on the campaign trail, airfare included:
Michelle &amp; I are praying for the victims in Las Vegas. Our thoughts are with their families &amp; everyone enduring another senseless tragedy.
There are more than 10 reasons #DavidLetterman will be missed.
Same-sex marriage now is legal in 15 states, but there's more work to do. Fight for equality in all 50:
"I am very proud of this law. It's already helping millions of people." President Obama #Asegurate
RT @HealthCareGov: Check out CuidadodeSalud.Gov, a new Spanish-language website connecting consumers with coverage
The American people can't afford an economic shutdown on top of a government shutdown. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." President Obama
Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help:
Key #iacaucus figures you haven't heard about? More than 7,500 new #Obama2012 volunteers and 25,000+ Iowans who caucused for the President.
ICYMI: The United States has made a groundbreaking deal with China on cutting carbon pollution.
Help put a smile on the President's face: Sign @OFA's birthday card.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Nevada about the choice we face this fall.
Watch President Obama's response to Republicans' vote to block Richard Cordray s nomination to the @CFPB:
"I believe this can be a breakthrough year for America." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama speaks at Arlington National Cemetery in honor of Veterans Day. Watch live:
The number of uninsured Americans continues to drop within the first two months of 2015:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Civil Rights Summit marking the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act.
Barack and Michelle wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays:
Just a few of the ways Mitt Romney would take us backwards on equality:
President Obama: "I promised I d fight every single day on behalf of the American people. I've kept that promise."
With Romney s firm in charge, a medical company racked up $1.5 billion in debt while Bain walked away with millions. #RomneyEconomics
Opportunity knocks. It's the last day to enter for a chance to meet the President:
Get your caffeine fix with a side of reality check:
Getting people covered with health insurance is in everyone's interest. Time to put #PeopleOverPolitics.
RT @rayraybowman: Making the calls and helping #obama2012 @OFA_NV
Delivering an address to update the American people on the situation in Libya. Watch live at 7:30pm ET.
FACT: Impending spending cuts would end programs for nearly 1.2 million disadvantaged students if Congress doesn't act. #JobsNotCuts
My administration will continue to use every single available resource at our disposal to address the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." President Obama #SOTU
FACT: President Obama proposed extending middle class tax cuts for 98% of families.
Fun at the Iowa State Fair, circa 2007:
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress:
RSVP now to join President Obama on the phone tomorrow night:
On Labor Day we honor the American worker and reaffirm our commitment to the great American middle class.
Such a tiny donation has resulted in such a huge prize. #DinnerWithBarack winners on getting to meet the President:
VP Biden: "War should always be the absolute last resort."
We re here because of you. This got done because of you. President Obama thanking folks who shared what #40dollars means to them
Under President Obama, U.S. dependence on oil imports is at a 16-year low:
Big news in the fight for #LGBT equality:
A favorite 2012 photo: Salute.
Share how your family came here and why we need immigration reform now:
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person:
DEADLINE: For the price of buying your friend a drink, pitch in $5 before midnight to help this campaign win.
Democrats to follow: @TimKaine, @SpeakerPelosi, and @SenatorReid #FF
Every single vote counts make sure you re ready for November by finding out the latest on your state's laws:
"He was opposed to [the Lilly Ledbetter Act] at the time." Romney campaign on their candidate's stance on equal pay.
The Senate s immigration reform bill was sent to the House more than 100 days ago. Tell the House to #ActOnReform:
Watch Michelle Obama address the DNC Women's Leadership Forum from Chicago, IL.. Watch it now at
Watch the President announce new steps to attract high-quality, middle-class jobs at 3:05 p.m. ET:
The #ParisAgreement gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation.
How many jobs did Mitt Romney create as a corporate buyout specialist? Even he can't get his story straight:
See how President Obama fares when quizzed on his superhero knowledge:
On Thursday, February 4th at 5:45pm ET, I'm taking questions from the OFA community. Submit one here:
Corporations aren't people. Help win this election the right way:
Retweet if you're #Ready4Reform to strengthen our economy, our families, and our nation. #immigration
Ours is a future filled with hope. If you share that hope with me, I ask you tonight for your vote. President Obama
Retweet if you agree: Women shouldn't have to pay more for their insurance just because they're women. #Obamacare
Watch: President Obama had some choice words for climate change deniers in Congress.
Watch President Obama talk about Abraham Lincoln's great compromise, and what the headlines would be like today:
"Nearly 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the wage to $10.10 an hour." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed #RaiseTheWage
Don't miss your chance to help Sarah Jessica Parker welcome the Obamas to New York City:
Watch the President and @VP speak about helping American workers find good jobs at 12:10 p.m. ET:
President Obama: "You want to be commander in chief? You can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform."
If you stand for raising the minimum wage, your name belongs on this petition:
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "The STOCK Act creates new disclosure requirements and new accountability measures."
Add your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids:
Rather than stand up for Americans who work for a living, Mitt Romney dismissed them:
Two straight years of private-sector job growth for more than 3.9 million new American jobs:
Before the ACA, I felt totally helpless. And I now feel like there s someone looking out for us. Rebecca, NC:
Thousands of supporters across the country are registering voters today here s why you should join in:
If you work hard and meet your responsibilities; you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or who you love.
President Obama on steps the administration is taking to reduce gun violence, and why we need Congress to act:
In Grand Rapids, MI. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live now at
President Obama: "Tweet your members of Congress we ve got a hashtag. Here s the hashtag for you to tweet them #DontDoubleMyRate"
I send my best wishes for peace, prosperity, and good health to all who celebrate the Lunar New Year across the U.S. and around the world.
President Obama: "Iran is at its weakest point economically, strategically, militarily than in many years." #StrongerWithObama
Meet the supporters who dined with the Obamas last night on Inside Edition this evening check your local listings. #DinnerWithBarack
Veteran Gold Cards will help 200,000 unemployed veterans who served after the 9/11 attacks.
Americans want Congress to solve real problems:
If you say you ll protect a woman s right to choose but you say you d be delighted to sign a law outlawing it, you've got #Romnesia.
Answer this one question survey: What issue will you keep fighting for in 2015?
This week, the President focused on finding a balanced deal in deficit negotiations and called the ISS. Watch:
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago:
Stand up for our planet and our future. #ActOnClimate.
Thanks to @SenatorReid and the 54 senators who fought to raise the minimum wage. Join them:
Retweet if you believe in #OpportunityForAll. #SOTU
RT @keelywardd: My mother got us all matching shirts for her two favorite things...Ireland and @BarackObama!
In his weekly address, President Obama focuses on the start of #ImmigrationReform debate in the Senate. Watch:
"There is agreement in this chamber on about 80% of what needs to be done, putting us closer to the goal of reform than we've ever been"
Watch: Because of climate change, the average U.S. wildfire season is longer and more intense.
Doing some holiday shopping? Check out our Kids for Obama t-shirt:
Traveling through PA today & asking folks to vote for change! If you are in PA & need polling location info visit
To celebrate the power of grassroots organizing, @OFA is giving away this free sticker. Get yours today:
Our immigration system is broken. Tell the House of Representatives: #ActOnReform.
People who aren't Mitt Romney try to understand Mitt Romney's explanation of his Bain Capital departure date:
"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
Want to make sure friends and family get insurance before the deadline? Here are some tweets to help:
The full text of President Obama's second inaugural address:
"I keep my word, and I want to keep fighting for you." President Obama
For the character they build, the doors they open, and the love they provide, our fathers deserve our unending appreciation and admiration.
President Obama on one of the driving forces behind Obamacare: "It was families who were worried about going bankrupt if they got sick."
Voters in Idaho: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis. #compromise
For your Friday afternoon enjoyment:
That s why I m running for a second term as President because we have more work to do. President Obama
What would you ask the President and First Lady at #DinnerWithBarack?
Reminder: It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. #DoYourJob
Since President Obama took office in 2009, the national deficit has been cut by more than half:
An easy-to-use tax calculator that shows how your vote in November will impact your family s taxes next year:
Find out how the GOP candidates are going to help build #Obama2012 tonight:
Happy #NationalHighFiveDay!
President Obama on Hurricane Sandy: "The great thing about America is that during tough times like this, we pull together."
#ObamacareInAction for young adults:
This is what a real grassroots movement looks like:
#Climate deniers can change. Watch:
Expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more:
Encouraging everyone to register &amp; vote. Visit
Retweet if you agree with the President.
Speaking today about the United States' policy in the Middle East and North Africa. Watch live:
President Obama on why we need Organizing for Action:
For entrepreneurs and founders of startups, #Obamacare is a business opportunity:
Just launched a "Next Generation Veterans for Obama" video on YouTube. Watch it at
POTUS: When the auto industry was on the brink of collapse and Gov. Romney said, Let Detroit go bankrupt,' I said no.
Add your name to support a raise for 28 million Americans across the country:
.@OFA_CA volunteer Danielle explains why young people are fired up for President Obama:
See why President Obama wants you to join Team @Obamacare:
Avoid thousands of dollars worth of medical bills #GetCoveredNow:
Holding a town hall meeting on the economy in Racine, WI. Watch live at 2:15 pm ET.
Supporting new carbon pollution limits, @OFA volunteers were out in force gathering signatures in their communities.
President Obama: "I am fired up right now! It is good to be in Florida."
Just 19 days left before Election Day. Volunteer this weekend to help win this thing:
Kid reporters interview the President:
Ask this business owner about how the Affordable Care Act is helping his business:
"Don't 'boo' organize. That's what you need to do. They may not hear the boos, but they can read a petition." President Obama #OFAction
Obama: Yesterday's Senate fiscal cliff agreement "protects 98% of Americans and 97% of small business owners from a middle class tax hike."
"We want a place where you can make it if you try. That s the promise we make to our young people." President Obama
See how the Affordable Care Act is helping you and your family in just five steps:
Headed into overtime with a score of 1-1. Go Team USA! #USWNT
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the need for Congress to extend tax cuts for middle-class families.
"When the world calls on America, we call on you our men and women in uniform." President Obama #JoiningForces
"We'll make owning a home a symbol of responsibility, not speculation." President Obama #ABetterBargain
There are only two weeks left to get a health care plan that starts on January 1st.
Happy #PiDay.
It's time to take a stand for our planet and our children's future. Add your name to #ActOnClimate today:
I ll fight with everything I ve got to stop those who would gamble your Social Security on Wall Street.
RT @alfranken: If you can, #vote early.
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland.
This West Wing Week: welcoming US governors, the UN secretary general, and the president of Mexico to the White House.
Democrats to follow: @TheDemocrats, @DSCC, @DCCC, @TimKaine, @SenatorReid, @SpeakerPelosi, @democraticgovs #FF
LIVE: President Obama and others are greeting @Pontifex at Joint Base Andrews.
Don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline:
Let your friends know: Registering to vote takes less than 5 minutes, and you can get it done right here.
There's no better time than the holiday season to reach out and give back to our communities. Great to hear from yo _
May your days be merry and bright, and may your Christmas include a conversation about health insurance.
Thinking on this 2nd anniversary of Katrina that New Orleans should become an example of what America can do when we come together.
The President is holding a news conference at 11:30am ET. Watch here:
Share the news: Our economy has added nearly 6.5 million private-sector jobs over 37 straight months.
In these last 3 days, I need you to knock on doors & make phone calls & talk to neighbors. I need you to keep fighting.
"Early education is one of the best investments we can make." President Obama #InvestInUs
We need a budget that works for every American not just the wealthy few.
"In the decade before the Affordable Care Act AKA Obamacare double-digit premium increases were common." President Obama #AmericaLeads
President Obama is in Florida to discuss the importance of giving kids a quality education. Tune in at 2:40 p.m. ET:
Retweet if you agree: Repeal means taking health care away from millions of people. We can't go back. #WhatRepealMeans
FACT: Agricultural output will improve in rural areas if Congress passes comprehensive immigration reform. #TakeItToTheHouse
President Obama promised to stand up for teachers and then he walked the walk:
"We've got to build a housing system that s durable and fair and rewards responsibility for generations to come." President Obama
Tune in tomorrow: The President will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on immigration.
Tonight, Mitt Romney s Etch-A-Sketch will be shaken to its core:
Obama: Change comes when we live up to our legacy of innovation. I am proud that I bet on the American worker and American ingenuity.
What's the most embarrassing claim climate deniers in Congress have used to brush off science? Take your pick.
"We found ways to deliver the services that citizens expect in smarter and faster ways." President Obama #SmarterGov
"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." President Obama
"Nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... They are us." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
New York Republican reps on Twitter: @reppeteking (NY-3), @repmichaelgrimm (NY-13), @repnanhayworth (NY-19) #compromise
The President to @UAW: "I'm not going to settle for a country where a few people do really well and everyone else is struggling to get by."
See how @OFA supporters demanded a #FairFutureNow on Equal Pay Day:
Add your name if you agree it's time for Congress to pass comprehensive #ImmigrationReform:
President Obama in Michigan today: "Higher education is not a luxury."
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement.
When bad luck strikes...
FACT: Paul Ryan's plan would turn Medicare into a voucher system and increase a new retiree s health care costs by $6,350 a year.
You've picked your candidate now pick a state and color for your custom Obama tee. Use the code CUSTOM5 to get $5 off:
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under #Obamacare:
This will take you less than a minute:
President Obama: The election four years ago was never about me. It was about you. You were the change.
President Obama has appointed more than 250 openly LGBT professionals to his administration more than all previous U.S. presidents combined.
"Let s get immigration reform done this year. Let's get it done. It's time." President Obama #SOTU #ActOnReform
RT this if you stand with Lilly Ledbetter for #EqualPay and think Mitt Romney should, too:
"Because of federal investments, renewable energy use has nearly doubled. And thousands of Americans have jobs because of it."
President Obama on the GOP plan to gut Medicare: Gov. Romney said he s very supportive of this new budget and he even calls it marvelous.
"We simply cannot afford to give the reins of government to someone who will double down on trickle-down." President Clinton
Congress has 46 days before its summer recess. Tell them to put creating jobs ahead of politics:
President Obama on the importance of preschool: Every dollar we spend on early childhood education will save $7 down the road.
Every donation gets us closer to the campaign we ll need to win this thing one organizer at time:
Another week, another GOP #debatewatch and for extra fun, now you can predict what you think will happen. Check it out:
It's #BigBlockOfCheeseDay: Check out the schedule of White House staff answering your questions.
Michelle and I cast our ballots early. If you don't have to, #dontwait.
President Obama: We cannot afford to double down on the same top-down economic policies that got us into this mess." #ForwardNotBack
Called the #USA men's soccer team today to congratulate them on yesterday's extraordinary win and to wish them good luck this Saturday.
"We will not play by two sets of rules." An announcement from @Messina2012:
O-H-I-O!
"We hear you": President Obama responds to the thousands of you who signed petitions on reducing gun violence.
It's time to #DemandAction to reduce gun violence:
The science is clear: We have to #ActOnClimate. #SOTU
If you ve ever wanted to grab a bite to eat with the President, now s your chance:
Forward, Virginia:
"To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better _ Pass a bill." President Obama
It's up to each of you to make sure voters know the stakes in this year's elections join a Vote 2010 event this Saturday.
Photo of the day: A moment in the Oval Office.
Share how #Obamacare is helping you and the people you love:
"Together, we can reach the day where every child has a safe, loving, and permanent home." President Obama #NFCM
"America must remain a beacon to all who seek freedom during this period of historic change." #SOTU
Don't watch this video:
Today is the first anniversary of the start of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Stand with DREAMers, #StandWithOurFuture.
Photos of the day: Take a look at the incredible work of our summer organizers, then apply for our fall program:
More than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq. President Obama #IranDeal
"It s the last time we ll do this, but we re not even close to done working." @VP Joe Biden on the #SOTU
Disappointed last week to see dreary and familiar politics get in the way of moving forward on critical issues. Watch:
Sign up for a chance to meet President Obama backstage at an upcoming event. Winners receive free airfare:
President Obama: "Income of the top 1% nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical family s barely budged." We need #ABetterBargain
"Michelle and I join our fellow Americans in paying tribute to all who served and sacrificed in one of our nation s longest wars." #Iraq
The President's proposed a $5,600 tax credit for businesses that hire veterans who have been out of work for 6 months.
Beyonc and Jay-Z are hosting the President in New York your chance for two spots on the guest list ends at midnight:
RT @OFAkevin: Great turnout in #Raleigh for the spring fellow training. #NC2012
Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay.
Americans have a choice to make this fall see how your family would fare under the Romney tax plan:
A father-daughter-daughter team organizing for Obama:
Because of #Obamacare, Maryland is set to have insurance rates that are among the lowest in U.S.:
Alexis is an aspiring teacher and she's asking Congress to support schools by passing the President's jobs plan.
Speaking in Golden, CO. Watch the event live at
Share what President Obama s support of same-sex marriage means to you:
Spread the good news about the President s job-creation record 22 straight months of job growth by sending a postcard:
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Selma, Alabama:
It's time to get shopping:
To effectively protect millions of American consumers, the @CFPB needs a director:
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and #GetCovered:
Happy Passover.
President Obama: If you still believe in me like I believe in you, I hope you will stand with me in 2012.
Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more:
"In 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobs and that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." President Obama
Verdell is an amazing #Obama2012 grassroots fundraiser who thinks his sister @AprilSTL is an amazing mom.
"We see an America where the middle class is growing...where the only limit to success is how hard you're willing to try."
Nobody who fights for this country should have to fight for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.
Retweet if you agree the Senate should pass immigration reform today. #AmericanStory
Here's Lilly Ledbetter on why she took up the fight for fair pay:
Be sure to follow @OFADebates during tonight s VP debate for live fact-checks and analysis. #RyansChoice
"It hurts our credibility around the world. It makes us look like we don't have our act together." President Obama on the #shutdown
With three weeks until the election, David Plouffe gives OFA supporters an exclusive campaign update:
Never again will taxpayers be held hostage by a bank that is too big to fail. Learn about the reforms I've proposed:
"Change comes when we live up to this country s legacy of innovation." President Obama in Wisconsin
Join all of us at #Obama2012 in wishing @VP Biden a happy birthday today:
RT if you agree with the President: Higher education should not be a luxury.
Tomorrow is the one year anniversary of Hurricane Sandy. #ThisIsReal
Toledo pride worldwide : Road to Charlotte, day 3.
Despite the shutdown, the new health insurance marketplace opens for business as planned on October 1. #GetCovered
Are you standing with President Obama in this election? Share why you're in for 2012:
Get your #Obama2012 Twitter shirt yet?
"These seniors and juniors deserve face to face time, guidance, caring, someone who believes in them." Barbara
Addressing the nation on the oil spill from the Oval Office at 8 pm ET watch live
We can win if we're outraised but we've got to close the gap as much as we can. Pitch in now:
Watch at 11:40 a.m. ET: President Obama calls for extending unemployment insurance:
Welcome home, Mr. President: Wheels down, White House.
"The right to vote is something cherished by every American." President Obama
A strong economy grows from the middle out. Watch @OFA's new ad about #ABetterBargain for hard working Americans:
I don t believe another round of tax cuts for millionaires will bring good jobs back to Ohio, or pay down our deficit. President Obama
Want to hang out with the President online at 1:00 p.m. ET?
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan: the Go Back Team that would end Medicare as we know it:
"We do deserve a vote. Jillian Soto, sister of Victoria Soto, a first-grade teacher killed in Newtown
On this Memorial Day, I call on all Americans to come together to honor the men and women who gave their lives so that we may live free.
RT @Obama2012: Bain Capital, founded by Mitt Romney, is linked to Chinese surveillance:
A quick lesson in Quick Donate, from @IAmRashidaJones and @JesseTyler:
WATCH: The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago.
Today's tip for creating a great #Obama2012 grassroots fundraising campaign: stand out from the crowd.
If you ve got the President s back, show it with this old-school #Obama2012 car magnet:
When you #GetCovered, mammograms and contraception cost $0. Check it out:
The internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. Add your name if you agree:
The 26th Amendment turns 40 today. Read stories of how lowering the voting age to 18 has empowered young people:
FACT: The Affordable Care Act has saved seniors billions on prescription drug costs.
"It is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." President Obama
Good news: The number of job openings just hit a 13-year high.
FACT: #TheRealRomney has said he wants to see Roe v. Wade overturned, denying women the right to choose.
To the men and women who have served and are currently serving around the world: Thank You.
Kansas Republican reps on Twitter: @conghuelskamp (KS-1), @replynnjenkins (KS-2), @kevinyoder (KS-3), @repmikepompeo (KS-4). #compromise
To small business owners: your input is crucial in the health insurance reform debate. Please weigh in:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
In 2 months, you get to choose a path that actually will lead to a better future. You will have the chance to prove the cynics wrong.
How are you doing on your #debatewatch predictions so far? Halfway in, we're counting three double-downs:
"You, the people, have the final say _ Your vote will determine the path that we take as a nation." President Obama
A good organizer is always expecting the unexpected. Michael Apodaca, Texas state field director:
Hit the week running.
This is unprecedented. #DoYourJob
"I'm going to keep taking actions on my own that can help the middle class." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Get your very own "I Take Action" magnet here:
"We should at least do what we agree on, and that's to keep middle class taxes low." President Obama
If you've been part of this already, thank you. If you haven't, see what we've done so far and say you're in now:
Hawaii just became the next state to embrace marriage equality. Congratulations to the Aloha State. #LoveIsLove
This quarter, 606,027 people donated to this campaign even more than last quarter.
"It was easy to invite people to volunteer especially for a canvassing trip. It was kind of a big adventure."
Our challenge for you: Bring 50 new people into this campaign for President Obama's 50th birthday. Are you game?
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Plan show your support:
Get the facts on important issues like climate change join the OFA Truth Team:
"And with that, I just have two more words to say Obama out." President Obama at the #WHCD Don't miss this:
FACT: President Obama has proposed simplifying the tax code for small businesses and letting them expense up to $1 million in investments.
If you live in Maine, ask @SenatorSnowe and @SenatorCollins to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
"Tonight, I propose working with states to make high-quality preschool available to every child in America." #SOTU
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how #Obamacare has improved our health care system:
Tip of the day: Already asked your friends to donate? Try branching out to your school, office, or faith group.
Huge news: our grassroots campaign outraised the Romney campaign in August the first time we've done so since April.
10 days left to make sure we keep moving forward. Get out and volunteer this weekend:
"Sexual violence isn't just a crime it's a civil rights violation." President Obama #ItsOnUs
Speaking about the next steps toward cleaner, more efficient vehicles at 10:45 am ET. Watch live:
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing:
The average contribution to #Obama2012 was $69 substantially lower than our average contribution in 2008.
"I don't want my daughters getting paid less than someone else's sons for the same job." President Obama #StandWithWomen
"The Affordable Care Act still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." President Obama
"People who love their country can change it ... That is the promise of AmeriCorps." President Obama #AmeriCorps20
Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress.
President Obama: "You re the reason an outstanding soldier won t be kicked out of our military because of who they are and who they love."
"This gridlock has not served the cause of justice ... It's undermined it." President Obama, supporting filibuster reform in the Senate
See how Mitt Romney and his allies would roll back women's rights in your state:
Getting ready to take rally supporters in Columbus and watch the First Lady address the crowd. Watch now:
POTUS: "Romney was asked whether hiring more teachers was important to growing our economy. Gov. Romney said that doesn't grow our economy."
"Wherever and whenever I have a chance to help families like yours, I'm going to do it." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Retweet if you want to see solutions, not political games. #NoMoreGames
RT @TruthTeam2012: Making college affordable is a priority for President Obama, not for Mitt Romney:
"The hardest thing in politics is to change a stubborn status quo." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Enjoying an ice cream social with residents of Sunapee, New Hampshire.
Looking for a way to keep your keys and ID handy?
DYK: Someone working full-time at the current federal minimum wage makes only $14,500 a year. Time to #RaiseTheWage.
RT @Karoli: Think about what WE have managed to accomplish in 3 years with POTUS at the helm. #yeswecan #roadtraveled
President Obama is helping students know before they owe by asking colleges to use a simple financial aid fact sheet:
What the American people are expecting and what we owe them is to focus on the issues that affect their jobs, their security & their future.
About to begin a town hall event in Henderson, Nevada -- listen in here at 1pm EST:
An overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair #SCOTUS nomination process add your name if you're one of them:
ICYMI: Yesterday marked the official adoption of the #IranDeal:
Sign the petition:
"As a retired senior, $2,000 covers the approximate out-of-pocket yearly cost of my prescription drugs." Harvey, NY
Gov. Romney made the same promises to Massachusetts that he s making now but he failed to deliver:
Yes, Mitt Romney really is that out of touch:
"We don't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society." President Obama on those who continue to deny the science on #climate change
FACT: President Obama's plan rewards hard work by raising the minimum wage to $9 an hour directly boosting wages for 15 million workers.
Our journey is not complete until our wives, our mothers, and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts.
Bo's got three years under his collar as the First Dog. Wish him a happy anniversary as a member of the First Family:
Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand:
President Obama: We've doubled the amount of renewable energy we generate from sources like wind and solar.
The chant Fired up, ready to go got us going in 2008, and it s still driving us today. Meet the woman behind it:
As of today, Congress has only 47 days before its summer recess to take action on jobs.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about what s at stake in this election.
Obama: "We know what real change is. We know what the future requires. We also know it won't be easy."
Share what the President s immigration announcement means to you:
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand #UnitedOnClimate and you can join the conversation:
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team:
"We know from our history that our economy grows best from the middle out." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Just do it. #Obama2012
If @PeggyOlson worked today, she still wouldn't make as much as her male coworkers. #StandWithWomen
.@GloriaSteinem on why this election is a turning point for women:
ICYMI: President Obama is teaming up with major companies to fight climate change. Read more:
Today is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. #GetCovered:
President Obama on the vote: "No veteran who fought for our nation should have to fight for a job when they come home."
Climate change is threatening the bottom line of American businesses. Here's what they're doing about it:
Over the last year, millions of people have come together to register voters, recruit volunteers, and grow this organization with donations.
Pitch in $10 and we ll send you the car magnet of your choice:
Show your organizing pride.
.@ElizabethBanks is standing with President Obama and Planned Parenthood on women s health. Here s why:
.@OFA volunteers agree, "there are too many important issues for us to walk away now." Get involved:
Tonight s fundraising deadline is one of the most important we ll face. Pitch in $5 to show you ve got Barack s back:
Help @OFA reach an amazing milestone: 500,000 grassroots donors.
Check it out: #ObamacareIsWorking for young people, and here's how:
Carol from NH is voting for Obama-Biden because My taxes have gone down, and my take-home pay has gone up. #VoteObama
"I want more kids to have the chance this country gave me." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"Let s do more to help the entrepreneurs and small business owners who create most new jobs in America." President Obama #SOTU
With just four days left in our #50for50 challenge, we ll be highlighting folks who are close to bringing 50 people into this campaign.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality.
Six months ago, the tragedy in #Newtown shook us to our core. Tell Congress today that you're #NotBackingDown:
President Obama s first campaign rallies are just 9 days away sign up to join him backstage:
Retweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it. #CollegeOpportunity
RT @OFA_PA: Here in Pennsylvania, people are fired up to vote for @BarackObama tomorrow -
Tell new congressional leaders #EnoughAlready no more manufactured crises over politics:
The other side will try to buy this election with negative attack ads but we can win by out-organizing them:
President Obama: Rape is rape. It is a crime.
"We've got just today and tomorrow before Congress leaves town for a month, and there is still serious work to do." President Obama
FACT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands but they don't cover all gun sales. #WeDemandAVote
The President wants to give 15 million American workers a raise. Show your support for increasing the minimum wage:
Around the table tonight: Cathleen & John, Judy & Mitch, ReGina & Bob, Barack & Michelle. #DinnerWithBarack
"The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce." President Obama
Obama: I wasn't going to let Detroit go bankrupt. Or Toledo go bankrupt. Or Lordstown go bankrupt. I bet on American workers.
Organizing for America staff will be live-tweeting today's health care strategy meeting. Join in at 2:30pm ET:
Don't miss the State of the Union address at 9:00 p.m. ET tonight. Tune in here:
RT if you agree: We need an immigration system that honors our heritage as a nation of laws &amp; a nation of immigrants.
Watch live: On the Road to Charlotte, President Obama speaks in Virginia.
We ve just announced the finalists for our Art Works poster project and you can help choose the winners:
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses actions to expand opportunity for more Americans.
If you re standing with the President, we ve got a free sticker for you:
From @CarolineKennedy: Why it's so important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:
President Obama: "Today, our businesses have created over 5 million new jobs. The American auto industry is back on top."
LIVE: President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward.
Speaking about health reform today listen live @ 4:50pm ET
On this day of remembrance, we honor the lives of our fallen heroes, the service they rendered, and the sacrifice they made for all of us.
RT if you re supporting President Obama in this election:
"To truly deal with this issue, Congress needs to act. And that moment is now." President Obama on #ImmigrationReform
RT @MichelleObama: Stevie Wonder, @Beyonce, @SaraBareilles, @JLo find out who gets the First Lady moving:
Use the hashtag #2200dollars to share how the President s middle-class tax cut would help your family next year.
We re sending free #Obama2012 bumper stickers to supporters who want one get yours here:
Honored to be endorsed by Al Gore in Michigan tonight. Watch live streaming video at 8:30pm EST at
Mitt Romney s crocodile tears aren't likely to fool anyone heading into next week s debate:
"We saved the auto industry, took on a broken health care system, we invested in new American technologies" President Obama #ABetterBargain
Samantha from Massachusetts was touched when the President signed "thank you" to a young man in Maryland:
"Truly, you made history." President Obama
Fantastic news: "Millions Get Obamacare Plans For $100 Or Less" More from @HuffingtonPost:
Obama on the GOP: They tried this you re on your own economics.' What did we get? Falling incomes, record deficits, &amp; an economic crisis.
From the archives: Faces of the campaign.
WATCH: President Obama discusses #CollegeOpportunity with students from across the country.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit.
Share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the President:
Today, America is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in nearly 20 years. President Obama
It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th:
In Elko, NV. Holding a "Change We Need" community event. Watch it live at
President Obama: "Our North Star is a growing economy that creates good, middle-class jobs." #JobsOverCuts,
WATCH: President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws.
We've got a crucial fundraising deadline tomorrow night. Can you pitch in $5 today to help build this organization?
Everyone in Washington needs to focus not on politics, but on what s right for the country on what s right for you.
Why are you voting for President Obama? Share your story:
Last week volunteers delivered thousands of messages of solidarity from @OFA supporters nationwide to @fast4families.
Romney s plan to repeal the #ACA would let insurance companies go back to spending up to 40% of your premiums on overhead costs not care.
"If every child is successful ... then the America my child grows up in will be more successful." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
POTUS: If you reject the notion that our government is forever beholden to the highest bidder, you need to stand up in this election.
Today, always be doing something:
Some more reactions from around the country to President Obama's #SOTU:
It's time for the United States to #LeadOnTrade add your name if you agree:
"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in America." President Obama #ACAworks
FACT: Thanks to the #ACA, seniors who fell into the Medicare doughnut hole last year saved an average of $600 on prescriptions. #progress
We ve waited for this a long time --Sheryl, a military mom of three, on the end of the war in Iraq:
Ned is grateful. Read why:
Streamlining legal #immigration will foster innovation, create jobs, and keep families together. It's time.
Watch the President and First Lady's seasonal address: "We wish you all a blessed and safe holiday season."
5 key facts about Paul Ryan:
"We've got to give every woman the opportunity she deserves." President Obama #StandWithWomen #OpportunityForAll
Speaking on health care reform. Watch live at
"We should be doing everything we can as a country to create more good jobs that pay decent wages." President Obama #ABetterBargain
The Senate just voted to begin debate on a comprehensive health reform bill. America is now closer to real reform than ever in our history.
RT if you agree: Mitt Romney s severely conservative views are a disaster for women that we can t afford in the White House.
Madlyne, a student, says the President s jobs plan will help her achieve her dream of becoming a translator.
President Obama speaks in Washington, D.C. Watch live:
Don't get scared. Get covered. #ScarierThanHalloween
President Obama: "By the end of next year, America s war in Afghanistan will be over."
Powerful speech by @JonathanDelArco on equality, taking the road less traveled, and demanding to be seen:
Combat donation fatigue by setting a clear goal and asking your friends to help you meet it.
"We shouldn't have a bunch of politicians, a majority of whom are men, making health care decisions on behalf of women." President Obama
President Obama said he'd make college more affordable. He's delivered:
This is why your voice matters:
It's time to #FixTheSystem.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury for a privileged few." President Obama #DontDoubleMyRate
"Everybody knows I love Austin, Texas." President Obama
President Obama s leadership has made America stronger, safer, and more secure than we were four years ago:
"Let's make sure the United States of America keeps being a place where you can make it if you try." President Obama
"These practices were plainly irresponsible. And we refused to let them go unanswered," the President said.
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. #DoYourJob
Watch: Health care reform changed the course of history in America.
"Add it all up, and over the past 40 months, our businesses have created 7.2 million new jobs." President Obama #ABetterBargain
RT @Obama2012: Hey, Wisconsinites polls are open today from 7am-8pm CT. Find your polling place:
Do you know what time are you going to vote tomorrow? Make plans today and sign up for a reminder:
Use this tax calculator to find out which candidate is fighting for the middle class:
Download the new #Obama2012 smartphone app to get the latest campaign news and find events near you:
Speaking on today s vote to move the Wall Street reform bill forward. Watch at 4:20 pm ET:
"Ruling out compromise, pledging to rubber-stamp the Tea Party's agenda in Congress that's not change." President Obama
Four years ago, I promised to end the war in Iraq. We did. I said we d wind down the war in Afghanistan in a responsible way. We are.
The goal is simple reduce imported oil by one third in the next decade.
Most families could save up to $2,200 if Congress extends middle class tax cuts. Use #My2k to share what that would mean for you.
POTUS: "When ordinary Americans decide what's right when they commit to working together to bring about a better day they can't be stopped."
The recent legislation in Arizona threatens to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans.
Stand with President Obama to tell Karl Rove and the Koch brothers to disclose their groups donors:
If you think your $15 isn't enough to make a difference in this campaign, take a minute to read this letter:
RT if you stand with the millions of Americans fighting for #MarriageEquality.
How do you think the President s jobs plan will help you? Share your story:
Watch: Immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, college affordability it's time for economic #OpportunityForAll.
Announcing eight fundamental health insurance consumer protections:
"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." President Obama
"An AK-47, a machine gun, is not a sporting weapon or needed for the defense of the home." Former President Reagan,
RT @whitehouse Thank you. You spoke out, Congress acted & soon I'll sign the payroll tax cut extension into law. -bo #40dollars
After Romney s firm drove a 105-year-old steel mill into bankruptcy in less than 10 years, they walked away with at least $12 million.
Call me maybe? Find out how to use your gift of gab to support this campaign:
President Obama: "We understand that America's not what can be done for us, it's about what can be done by us as one nation, as one people."
President Obama at a Boeing production facility: Even when we can t make things faster or cheaper than China, we can make them better.
"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the American economy. That's a good investment." President Obama
FACT: President Obama s health care law strengthens Medicare benefits while cutting waste and insurance company subsidies. #progress
President Obama: They re betting on cynicism. Ohio, my bet is on you.
Wyndi: "Never in a million years did I think I would be having this conversation."
"We're better than this." President Obama on the government shutdown #EnoughAlready
If you ve got federal student loans, find out if you re eligible to consolidate them and lower your interest rate:
Mitt Romney s solution to helping uninsured Americans afford health care: Go to the emergency room.
It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. Their refusal to do so is unacceptable:
"When it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know there s bipartisan support in this chamber." President Obama #SOTU
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in here:
"I want to focus on our future." President Obama #SOTU
RT @OFA_PA: Come rain, snow or shine, @OFA_PA will ORGANIZE! Find a house meeting to attend tonight
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate #Valentines Day with pride. #LoveIsLove
Watch the #TeaPartyShutdown in real time and see how it's harming our economy:
We ve got as stark a choice as you could imagine. President Obama in Ohio yesterday:
With a @CFPB director in place, stand with President Obama as he continues his work to rein in Wall Street:
Congrats, New Jersey. #LoveIsLove
FACT: Since 1968, more Americans have died from gun violence than in all of America's wars combined. #WeDemandAVote,
Traveling to Jackson, Mississippi - excited after rallying with over 3500 supporters in Greenville, South Carolina.
Don t ever believe that you can t make a difference. You have.
Campaign staffers talk about how they got their families fired up for 2012. Watch:
FACT: Romney would eliminate U.S. taxes on companies foreign profits, which could create 800,000 jobs in other countries including China.
Want a free Obama 2012 bumper sticker? Just tell us where to send it:
Today: Check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list.
Three supporters and their dates had dinner with the Obamas last week. Check out the photos:
Thanks to the @CFPB, Capital One Bank will refund $140 million to 2 million customers:
This is huge: President Obama proposed the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants.
America's national parks have scaled back services due to #sequester budget cuts. Hear more:
Be proud of how far we've come and continue to push for progress. #LoveIsLove
As we recognize the immeasurable contributions of LGBT Americans during Pride Month, we renew our commitment to equal rights for all.
"And, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." President Obama
This West Wing Week: the first White House Community College Summit and a new interim chief of staff.
Reminding everyone to donate by midnight tonight and you could be chosen to dine with me and a few supporters.
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." President Obama #MLKDay
We are not a nation that says don t ask, don t tell. We are a nation that says out of many, we are one.
Michelle s joining the President at the next #DinnerWithBarack and you won t want to miss it:
As business resumes in Washington, I look forward to working with both parties in the spirit of common cause.
In Dunedin, FL. Speaking at a &quot;Change We Need&quot; rally. Watch it live now at
Take a behind-the-scenes look at Labor Day in Milwaukee and a trip to Cleveland to outline plans to grow the economy.
By raising the debt limit until 2013, the debt agreement removes uncertainty that's been dampening economic growth.
President Obama: "We think America s stronger when everybody can count on affordable, quality health insurance."
Will you stand with me as we strive to win the future?
A shout-out from President Obama might be the ultimate Mother s Day present. Find out how to make it happen:
"We worked with states to force big banks to repay more than $50 billion to more than 1.5 million families." President Obama
RT @MichelleObama: The First Lady s Facebook page has a brand new look check it out:
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act a step forward. But the fight isn't over.
Follow @TruthTeam2012 tonight for live fact-checks and analysis of tonight's debate. #TeamObama2012
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq.
RSVP for @OFA's call with @VP Biden at 3:15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it:
Michelle's biggest fans were watching from home:
Chip in to fight the #CostOfInaction:
Exciting news House passes biggest overhaul of student aid program since the 1960's:
High five.
"People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA:
Make time to talk with your loved ones about health insurance this holiday season.
Watch live: Jay-Z fires up the crowd before President Obama s rally in Columbus, Ohio.
"You could feel the thunder on the ground." An @OFA supporter recalls the 1963 March on Washington:
There s nobody who can t serve. Nobody who can t help somebody else. President Obama speaking at an #MLK2012 service event today
The Senate votes today on tax credits to help veterans let your Republican senator know that #VeteransCantWait:
Go behind the scenes at an @OFA_VA office opening then become a force for #Obama2012 in your own neighborhood:
FACT: The Affordable Care Act allows young adults to stay on their parents' insurance until they are 26 years old.
Today s reason to get involved: President Obama is working to improve our country s roads and public transit.
"For each year that Congress doesn t act, each student with these loans will rack up an additional $1,000 in debt." President Obama
Now is the time to #ActOnClimate.
"America cannot wait forever for them to act." President Obama on House Republicans #ActOnReform
Listen: Vice President Biden on the administration s plan to help bring manufacturing jobs back to America.
Remember that deadline from the other week? We're still crunching numbers, but here's a first look at what we raised together in March.
"I believe our daughters should have the same opportunities as our sons." President Obama
I spy ... the President of the United States of America.
"Number of Uninsured Americans Near Historic Low" More from @TIME:
Under #sequester, each @_MealsOnWheels program delivers an average of 364 fewer meals per week to seniors in need.
"If we win this election, it will be because of what you did in moments like this to close the gap." President Obama
We've accomplished so much as a movement and it's thanks to the power of organizing.
Every American needs to know what health insurance reform means for them. Take a moment to find out:
"Most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice in this election. RT so your friends can watch, too.
Just a few reasons why President Obama is urging Congress to extend middle-class tax cuts:
"Progress isn t guaranteed. It s not inevitable. It s something that has to be fought for." President Obama
Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action:
Do you have a message for President Obama on his birthday? Share it here:
Add your name if you agree that $14,500 a year isn't enough:
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on Iraq and the situation in #Ferguson.
President Obama will speak at the @WhiteHouse Summit on Working Families today at 1:40 p.m. ET:
In this week's address, President Obama commemorates #LaborDay and pays tribute to American workers:
Let President Obama know you stand with him in helping homeowners refinance their mortgages and keep their homes:
Hear directly from Elena Kagan, my nominee for the United States Supreme Court:
This is about making sure there's a level playing field for American workers in the global economy.
Who will decide if your taxes increase in just 22 days? A few dozen members of Congress who need to hear from you.
Sheena s favorite part of her job is introducing new staff to the #Obama2012 motto Respect, Empower, Include, Win:
VPOTUS: Gov. Romney reflexively criticizes the President s policies, and almost in every case without offering any specific alternative.
"We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." President Obama
ICYMI: President Obama kicked off a new voyage on #Cosmos last night.
Matt's a hunter and NRA member who supports Obama's plan to reduce gun violence:
Obama: "Don't tell me that students who can't afford college should just borrow money from their parents."
DEADLINE: March 31st
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida.
President Obama: "My math actually adds up. Check it out at
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy:
71 days and counting until the election. Pitch in $20 now to help make sure the President comes out on top:
President Obama: "I told you we d end the war in Iraq. We did. I said we d end the war in Afghanistan. We are." #PromiseKept
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Court he deserves a hearing.
Tune in at 11:05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana:
"Too many Americans, if they are lucky enough to have a job, are working harder and harder just to get by." President Obama
Don't boo vote!
With the war in Iraq coming to a close, share what this moment means to you.
600,000 Americans have signed this petition to Congress demanding action to prevent gun violence. Add your name:
"Helen Thomas was a true pioneer, opening doors and breaking down barriers for generations of women in journalism." President Obama
"It's good to be in Wisconsin." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
DEADLINE: You can #BeatTheBuzzer by getting insurance right now.
What s at stake for you in this election? Share what s on your mind and help shape the conversation moving forward:
We're launching Tweet for Jobs today a new tool to help you urge your Republican legislators to #passthebill:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Yesterday nearly every GOP senator voted to double interest rates from 3.4% to 6.8% for more than 7 million students. #DontDoubleMyRate
You could be the next great grassroots organizer. Here's how:
President Obama: Hello, Ohio! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go? #AmericaForward
Check out our photo album to see how @OFA_IA volunteers are preparing for the Iowa caucus now only a week away:
"These two leaders have dedicated their lives to protecting our country. I m confident they will do an outstanding job." President Obama
RT @whitehouse WH Facebook page exclusive: President Obama backstage before ordering Colbert s head-shave
POTUS: I delivered on my promise to deliver health reform before the end of my first term. Obamacare. I like that name because I do care.
"12.8 million new jobs, and that's good but we've got more work to do." President Obama
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland. #DoYourJob
This is history.
Why I give: We can pull ourselves out of this recession by doing what we do best."
Sign up for Quick Donate to show your support for President Obama at the touch of a button:
Say you're one of the majority of Americans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing.
In Charleston, WV talking about how we need to end the war in Iraq & invest here at home. Learn more:
The auto recovery is putting Ohioans back to work the industry now supports 400,000 Ohio jobs:
"That s how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." Read more:
Spread the word about getting health insurance this holiday season:
Watch live: President Obama speaks about Hurricane Sandy.
Here are 10 things you should expect from Wall Street reform:
How budget gridlock in Congress could jeopardize the fight against climate change:
The President: "A strong middle class can only exist in an economy where everyone plays by the same rules, from Wall Street to Main Street."
FACT: Romney and Ryan would eliminate the President s college tax credit.
Got game? Take the Obama Bracket Challenge and see how your picks stack up against the President's:
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
November 2013 was officially the planet's warmest November on record.
From coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing Senate obstructionism. Take a look:
The time is now for comprehensive #immigration reform. What will reform mean to the people in your life?
The President will announce a program for communities and businesses partnering to create jobs at 2:20 p.m ET:
Retweet to show your support for Congress restoring voting protections to the #VRA.
I reject the idea that we have to strip away collective bargaining rights to compete in a global economy.
I ve cut taxes for those who need it: middle-class families, small businesses. President Obama
Could you live on the current minimum wage? Find out:
"I've got a plan that will actually create jobs, that will actually reduce the deficit, that will actually increase middle-class security."
RT if you agree: It's time for Republicans in Congress to protect middle-class families not tax loopholes for millionaires. #JobsNotCuts
RT @TheEricGray: @barackobama "This team really does have a heart that is the size of Texas"
In New Albany, IN at a town hall meeting at Indiana University Southeast.
Speaking at a Hamtramck GM plant that recently stayed open during a scheduled production shutdown. Listen live:
"This reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." President Obama #ACAWorks
Why former Florida GOP Gov. Charlie Crist is supporting President Obama this fall:
Rebecca M: Oversized classrooms are not fair. They are not fair to teachers, students, or everyone's future.
Tonight's their night, but our focus is tomorrow. Support the President before Friday's critical fundraising deadline:
Obama: "In just 4 days, every American's tax rates are scheduled to go up by law. Every American's paycheck will get considerably smaller."
We've got a big fundraising deadline at 11:59 pm this Friday. Will you give $5 to help us finish strong?
POTUS sings again this time, a bit of "Sweet Home Chicago" with an assist from B.B. King:
Obamacare is here. #GetCovered
In Beaver, PA. At an "On The Road To Change" event. Watch it live at
Released new health reform proposal to bridge the gap between the House & Senate bills time to move forward on reform:
This minimum wage petition is about making sure your voice is heard:
"Right now, our economy is still recovering from a very deep and damaging crisis." President Obama
60 million Americans will benefit from expanded mental health benefits under the Affordable Care Act.
Our North Star:
President Obama: "After a decade of war, it s time to do some nation building here at home." #StrongerWithObama
Don't let polluters win:
"That's the longest streak of private sector job creation in our history." President Obama on 53 straight months of jobs creation #ActOnJobs
If you've seen how gun violence can rip apart a community, share your story to show Congress #NowIsTheTime to act:
When you have a loved one's ear, make sure to talk about getting health insurance:
Have a favorite fired-up song? Take a look at our new supporter-driven @Spotify playlist and reply with your own picks:
College students can t afford double the interest on student loans let your members of Congress know:
"We can make sure every single door is open, every dream is within reach for Malia, for Sasha, for your daughters."
We can't afford to let this be the new normal.
"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." President Obama
President Obama: "We should have passed the DREAM Act a long time ago. It was written by members of both parties."
President Obama: We just prevented Congress from doubling student loan interest rates because of you. #DontDoubleMyRate
Tell Senate leaders: Your constituents expect you to #DoYourJob.
RT @ChristmanBowers Nearly 200 HBCU college students came out to show support for @BarackObama. #AfAm2012
"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." President Obama
Joe would know he s a small business owner for Obama. Join him here:
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his #SCOTUSnominee:
WATCH: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Renee will no longer be denied coverage.
President Obama: "Today, our businesses have created nearly 5 and a half million jobs." #progress
Great news: The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September.
May is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month the perfect time to join #AAPI2012:
The American middle class deserves #ABetterBargain. Learn about the President's plan:
"Growing our economy, creating new jobs ... That's always been what America's about." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." President Obama
Watch this week's address on the Christmas Day attempted act of terrorism, and the broader strategy to fight Al Qaeda:
RT this so your friends see President Obama s plans to keep us moving forward:
RT @guymatute: @ofa_nv Susan likes Obamacare because it's saving her friend's life #NVforACA
"Manufacturing crises to extract massive concessions isn t how our democracy works, and we have to stop it." President Obama #EnoughAlready
"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." President Obama #EqualPayDay
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway. #ActOnClimate
Tonight, President Obama laid out his specific plan to keep us moving forward, not back:
"Families, many of them hard-pressed, have money in their pockets...because of the work that Rich and his team is doing." President Obama
What you did last night and why it matters for 2012:
47 days left to re-elect a President who won't write off 47% of the country:
Air Force One, night, Ohio: One of our favorite photos of 2012.
President Obama would give tax cuts to companies bringing jobs home. Mitt Romney would reward outsourcers:
Worth a read: @FLOTUS on the importance of the Affordable Care Act:
Watch tonight s state dinner at the White House live at 7:35pm ET.
Your choice in this election affects your family s budget. Use this tax calculator to find out how:
President Obama summarizing the new health care law for millions of Americans: "You're covered."
"Raising wages is not just a job for organizers, not just a job for elected officials it's also a job for businesses." President Obama
Congress needs to know you're not giving up on common-sense gun violence prevention. Sign this petition:
"The budget I sent Congress earlier this year is built on the idea of opportunity for all." President Obama
FACT: If 24 states stopped blocking Medicaid, 5.7 million more people would be eligible for affordable health insurance. #PeopleOverPolitics
New Hampshire Republican reps on Twitter: @repfrankguinta (NH-1), @repcharlesbass (NH-2) #compromise
"Everybody who works hard and takes responsibility deserves the chance to get ahead." President Obama
The math behind Romney's tax plan is just a click away:
If you're feeling fired up for #Obama2012, here's where to become a volunteer:
President Obama on tonight's fundraising deadline: "It matters." If you can, please chip in $5 before midnight:
The @whitehouse has put together a list of resources for Hurricane Irene make sure you're prepared:
To me and my family, providing health care is personal, and Barack Obama gets that. Andrea at @OFA_IA s new state HQ:
President Obama refocused our efforts on taking out al-Qaeda s leadership, including Osama bin Laden:
"The first government shutdown in 17 years is now over." President Obama
President Obama discusses the failed Senate vote on raising the minimum wage at 3:10 p.m. ET:
FACT: Under Gov. Romney, Massachusetts fell to 47th out of 50 states in job creation, even as the national economy was growing.
RT @OFA_AZ: #Immigration and the #Dream Act are important issues to Arizonans. Read our Fellow's story here:
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court nomination process is unacceptable. Say so:
RT if you agree: Too many Americans are dying from gun violence and it's time for Congress to act.
"We continue to be inspired by the Japanese people, who faced unimaginable loss with extraordinary fortitude."
#FF @Cecilia44: "I came to this work because families like mine are still working hard for their piece of the American dream" #AmericanStory
Congress has just 32 days before its summer recess to take action on jobs:
The economic benefits of #immigration reform versus the cost of inaction:
Post Thanksgiving to-do list: Sleep: Dishes. So many dishes: #GetCovered:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on today's Senate votes on gun violence prevention.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on immigration.
"The math just doesn't add up." @PressSec on how the House GOP budget threatens the middle class:
On Romney as governor of MA: When he left office, there were only 3 states in the country that had created fewer jobs than Massachusetts.
We've come too far and sacrificed too much to go back to an era of top-down, on-your-own economics.
"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." President Obama
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to #ActOnClimate now.
It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree:
Excited to learn about winning the Dems Abroad primary today. Getting ready for the Texas debate. It will be live tonight at 8pm ET on CNN.
Don't miss the deadline. #GetCovered today:
LAST CALL: Enroll now and have health insurance on February 1st.
Utah Republican rep on Twitter: @jasoninthehouse (UT-3) #compromise
President Obama s got a message for you about the next #DinnerWithBarack:
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." President Obama
Abram is an expert when it comes to facing challenges. It s part of what makes him an all-star #Obama2012 volunteer:
Last call: Your chance to join President Obama for his birthday in Chicago. Sign up before midnight:
If Congress acts, we d see a larger labor force, higher productivity and more investments. @Cecilia44 on common-sense #immigration reform
Former Energy Secretary @GovRichardson: Why the #TPP will make a difference in fighting climate change.
Congress heads back to Washington this week now is not the time to be cynical about what they can accomplish.
POTUS: Ours is a fight for the basic bargain that built the largest middle class and the strongest economy the world has ever known.
Don't forget to leave a personal note for President Obama's birthday today:
President Obama discusses steps he's taking to encourage success for products stamped "Made in America":
Stand with President Obama's plan to stop severe budget cuts and reduce the deficit in a balanced way:
President Obama: "I will work with anybody from any party to move this country forward."
Pleased that the Senate has confirmed Elena Kagan as our 112th Supreme Ct. justice. I am confident she will make an outstanding justice.
There's a new way to shop for health insurance:
Watch the video of the President's address to the nation this evening:
For #FF: Robert Gibbs, the @PressSec for the @WhiteHouse and Deputy Press Secretary @BillBurton44
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." @VP Biden
Watch: Rosetta's getting a good deal on her health coverage.
"It's your imagination and your creativity and your dreams that will help this country move forward." President Obama to young filmmakers
Our journey is not complete until we find a better way to welcome the immigrants who still see America as a land of opportunity.
This week we took tangible steps and made concrete commitments on preventing nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism.
Rounding up some of the best photos and tweets from this weekend's #RegtoVote events:
"Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." President Obama
"You shouldn't be fired because of who you love." President Obama #WorkplaceFairness
We must make a commitment to the Gulf Coast that goes beyond responding to the crisis of the moment.
The time to embrace a clean energy future is now. Show your support for energy reform:
Fighting for middle-class families:
President Obama is focused on: "Tackling college costs, creating more good jobs, establishing a better bargain for middle class families."
In 2013, @OFA volunteers have held more than 6,500 local events, putting pressure on lawmakers to fight for progress:
Don't leave your name off:
We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we ll stand with the survivors as they recover...
The Washington Post reported today that Mitt Romney is using a loophole to avoid disclosing his financial records:
Make your voice heard: Sign this petition on raising the minimum wage.
"I urge the Senate to confirm them as soon as possible so we can keep our nation secure and the American people safe." President Obama
Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:
RT @MichelleObama: You asked and the First Lady answered:
Watch: Don't be THAT person. Stop waiting around and #GetCovered today.
If you want your voice heard in this election, you gotta vote:
The unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last 30 years. Let's keep building that momentum.
President Obama with @GwenStefani &amp; co:
Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known...the economy is growing again. #SOTU
Hosting a reception to honor the Senate confirmation of Elena Kagan s to the Supreme Court. Watch live @ 2:35pm ET:
Letter of the week: Vicki wrote to say "you're welcome."
"When all Americans are treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we are all more free." President Obama #LoveIsLove
No one's ever done what we're trying to do: Pitch in $5 now to help restore the balance of power to ordinary people.
Three great bumper sticker choices, all free. Pick out the one you want:
"If Congress doesn't act soon, starting on January 1st, everyone's going to see their income taxes go up." President Obama
Read what former U.S. Secretary of State @Madeleine Albright has to say about the #IranDeal.
Happening now: President Obama is holding a news conference. Tune in here:
The Affordable Care Act is working. Join the team that's letting people know:
President Obama: "We ve brought more trade cases against China in one term than the previous administration did in two."
"The folks who keep blocking a minimum wage increase are running out of excuses." President Obama
Saving my family $2,200 would help to feed, diaper, and clothe our 6-month-old daughter while finishing our master's program. Chad, PA
"The President will win re-election if we do what we need to do." @Messina2012 on the state of the race:
"We ve suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue."
WATCH: The President is in Chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system.
"Today, we honor Malala and Kailash s achievements." President Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, add your name now:
President Obama has a concrete second-term plan to create jobs and strengthen the middle class:
Speaking from the White House Rose Garden on the urgent need to extend unemployment benefits. Watch live at 10:30 am ET.
President Obama on his plan to strengthen education: "I want to give more Americans the chance to get the skills they need to compete."
The international community is committed to #ActOnClimate show your support for global action:
Retweet if you agree it's time to #ActOnClimate.
Tomorrow: @HouseOfCards. No spoilers, please.
Pick your favorite state, pick your favorite color, get a custom t-shirt:
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court.
We ve got a new #Obama2012 bumper sticker design, and it s yours for $5:
President Obama is speaking at 12:45 p.m. ET about how far the housing market has come since the recession. Tune in:
President Obama on @OFA and grassroots organizing: "That's how this country continues to evolve, so it's a little bit fairer." #ActionSummit
"Our destiny is not written for us, it's written by us. And we can write that next chapter together." President Obama
President Obama: Each generation has to work hard to make sure the American Dream stays alive for the next generation. #ConnectEd
Mitt Romney isn't being honest with the American people about his extreme positions:
"We define ourselves as a nation of immigrants." President Obama
Have you joined the Commit to Vote Challenge yet?
Looking back at another Obama rally in Virginia:
"My car last Thursday caught on fire with no warning. The fire department was at the scene in three minutes." -Nadezhda
Announcing #OFA and @democratsdotorg plans for the 2010 elections and the important role that you can play. Watch:
Immigration is a bipartisan issue:
#ImmigrationReform means "smarter enforcement, a pathway to earned citizenship, improvements to the legal system." President Obama
Add your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
I am here for the millions who are denied coverage because of preexisting conditions. #iamherefor
Sarah Jessica Parker s hosting an evening with the Obamas in NYC. Enter to go before tomorrow s deadline:
"We have seen the lowest growth in health care cost on record." President Obama on the benefits of #Obamacare
Congress in crucial health care reform negotiations. More than ever, your reps need to hear from you:
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today:
"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." President Obama
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this @nytimes interview.
RT @LaDeeBug8: #dinnerwithbarack would be fascinating. I would probably ask him more about his time as a community organizer. #inspiring
Watch live: President Obama speaks about conservation at the Department of the Interior.
If just one of the 400 richest Americans paid a fair tax rate, more than 5,400 low-income students could receive Pell Grants. #BuffettRule
It's time to talk about #immigration. Tonight, a group of Democrats in the House takes the floor to say #CIRMeansJobs
Staffers are live tweeting tonight's town hall right here @BarackObama.
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..."
"Michelle and I were saddened to hear of the passing of actress, author, and activist Ruby Dee." President Obama
President Obama speaks at Scranton High School in Pennsylvania. Watch live:
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate.
Four more for number 44:
After thirty years in Congress, Senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment.
Ultimately the American people won t take 'no' for an answer. President Obama on Republicans voting to block the American Jobs Act
Say you stand with countries around the world who are #UnitedOnClimate add your name:
"An agreement to prevent this New Year's tax hike is within sight, but it's not done." President Obama
RT @mbwelch: #40dollars is the cost of two tubs of formula to feed our twin babies.
There are many reasons to support the President, and if you do, now s the time to say so:
Happy 100th birthday, @NatlParkService. Here's to the next 100. #NPS100
Rain, snow, or shine #Obama2012 organizers were busy prepping for Super Tuesday this weekend:
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
"Not only are premiums lower than they were, they're lower than the most optimistic predictions." President Obama on Obamacare #CGI2013
Proud of the work the First Lady has done on Let's Move! a nationwide effort to tackle childhood obesity. Get involved:
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough it's time to take action.
Mike, a Vietnam vet, on why supporting veterans is just the first step to create jobs in the U.S.:
Mitt Romney s tax plan leaves the tab for middle-class families see what your total would be:
DEADLINE: If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today.
President Clinton on Romney s welfare attack ad on President Obama: It's just "not true."
There s a Commit to Vote house party tonight in your community. Can you attend?
Retweet if you support the President s strong action against carbon pollution. #ActOnClimate
In the end, we are not Democrats or Republicans first. We are Americans first. President Obama
Expanding #CollegeOpportunity is vital to America's success in a global economy:
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline:
"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. That s what Wall Street reform does." President Obama
Americans speak out on why the DREAM Act would be good for our economy, our security, and our nation:
Americans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change. #ActOnClimate
"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." President Obama #IranDeal
Some advice on this election from someone who knows President Bill Clinton.
This election is too important to sit out. Take a couple minutes and register to vote:
OFA is building something and you're going to want to be a part of it.
WATCH: The President calls on the Senate to stop playing politics and confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General.
.@SpeakerBoehner was against a government shutdown until he created one.
"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." President Obama #SOTU
Easy: Connect with this campaign on Facebook, get a free car magnet.
Suit up it's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in:
As we mark the end of #DADT today, take a look at steps President Obama has taken for LGBT equality:
FACT: Obama's plan would slash our reliance on foreign oil, create jobs and cut energy costs by doubling clean energy production. #JobsNow
.@GovInslee, @GovSteveBeshear and @GovMalloyOffice explain why #Obamacare is working in their states:
"Gov. Romney said it s fair that he pays a lower tax rate than a teacher who makes $50,000. He s wrong." President Obama
Saving $1,200 a year is a deal anyone can get behind.
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer. #DoSomething
RT @donnabrazile: Don't sit this election out. Remember, your one vote can and will make a difference. Vote like it's 2008!
$35 for health insurance fits squarely into Rosetta's budget:
"Today, more than ever before, Barack needs your help." @MichelleObama's call for volunteers on Saturday. Get involved:
ICYMI: Watch @FLOTUS send birthday wishes to @OFA.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to make extending unemployment insurance their top priority:
Obama: As long as you re out here fighting every day to better your lives _ then I ll be back in Washington fighting for you. #JobsNow
You've got options. Take a look:
"College has never been more expensive." President Obama kicking off his bus tour today on why we need to #MakeCollegeAffordable
"This cannot be a partisan endeavor ... There has to be a sense of urgency about this." President Obama
Seniors share what #My2K means to them:
Big news: The President and First Lady are holding the first rallies of the campaign on May 5 in Columbus, OH, and Richmond, VA.
This election is your chance to break that stalemate." President Obama
Summer is for the great outdoors:
This seat's taken.
"I saw my senator walking up the stairs right in front of us..." Pam's #NotBackingDown on gun violence prevention:
Mitt Romney still won t say whether he d stand up for equal pay, but he did tell us he has binders full of women.
Making a personnel announcement this morning. Watch live at 11:05am ET:
"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." President Obama #OurOcean2015
Today at 2:45 p.m. ET, watch President Obama honor our nation's continued march to greater opportunity:
President Obama is fighting to double U.S. exports:
Everyone needs that reminder to do something. This is yours make sure you #GetCovered today:
"We can bring the promise of a safe retirement back into reach for middle class families." President Obama
Six hours until a Homeland Security shutdown. #EnoughAlready time to pass the bipartisan funding bill now.
Thank you for everything you're doing to make this campaign run. Let's keep going:
In support of Breast Cancer Awareness Month, the White House will be lit pink tonight at 6:30.
FACT: President Obama helped support more than 400,000 jobs for teachers &amp; educators preventing layoffs that could ve increased class sizes.
POTUS: We can decide that in the United States of America, no child should have her dream deferred because of an overcrowded classroom.
Your signature is your voice: Sign this #RaiseTheWage petition before it's delivered to lawmakers.
VP Biden on Afghanistan: "We are leaving in 2014. Period."
"Your most valuable asset is your imagination." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
RT @BenLaBolt: Auto renaissance continues: NYT: Chrysler Posts $225 Million Profit, Capping Turnaround
One organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for women s rights:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the economy.
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Thanks again to the 62,244 of you who have helped the Two-Term Fund exceed its goal by half a million dollars:
FACT: Obama's plan would tie the minimum wage to inflation so working families can keep up with rising costs over time.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Your Saturday arithmetic lesson from the Secretary of Explaining Stuff :
As a #SumOrg12 fellow, you ll shape the outcome of this election by organizing folks in your community. Apply now:
It's time to move forward on the issues that matter most, with or without Congress:
The @OFA Obamacare Summit: stories from the past and inspiration for the future. Read all about it:
RT @jrsarne: what's the number one reason young people should get involved on the #obama2012 campaign?
President Obama s plan to keep moving America forward:
This week's address: the new "Pay As You Go" law, and why it's so important to getting budget deficits in check. Watch:
FACT: #Immigration in Houston, Texas, has helped add $25,000 to the value of the average home over the last 10 years. h/t @renewoureconomy
A year ago today, extreme voices in Congress shut down the government and here's one reason why they won't try again:
Tea Party Republicans in Congress are threatening an economic shutdown. It's time to say: #EndThisNow
"Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. But he was one of a kind." President Obama
WATCH: President Obama is discussing his plan to improve overtime pay protections for American workers.
Check out photos of organizers across the country registering voters during Saturday's Day of Action:
Rally day rolls on over to Richmond. Keep an eye on @OFA_VA, because they are ready to go! #Obama2012
Tune in at 4:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss #Katrina10 and the rebirth of New Orleans.
"This thing is working." President Obama #Obamacare #8Million
Kari from Georgia on President Obama singing Al Green: "Makes me smile every time I see it."
Submit questions & thoughts for the health care strategy meeting by tweeting @BarackObama using the #hc09 hashtag:
Lawmakers around the country need to know it's time to #RaiseTheWage:
AK Republican rep on Twitter: @repdonyoung
"On this day and every day, we thank you." President Obama #VeteransDay
Explore the new health care options your wallet may thank you:
"Right now, what this law is doing is helping folks, and we're just getting started." President Obama on Obamacare
Up top. #NationalHighFiveDay
Watch live: President Obama speaks in New Hampshire with @MichelleObama, VP @JoeBiden, and Dr. Jill Biden.
Congrats to the U.S. women s soccer team for a third straight Olympic gold. So proud. bo
"Thanks to the decisions we made to rescue and rebuild our economy ... America is leading again." President Obama
Bucket list: Go on a cruise Travel to Alaska Whale watching in the Arctic Enter:
LIVE: The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project.
President Obama: Number 3: I want to make it a national mission to educate our young people, to train our workers.
Awarding the Medal of Honor to Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta of the U.S. Army. Watch live at 2pm ET.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury. It's an economic imperative." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
The #sequester is slowing the pace of medical research, delaying the discovery of cures and treatments. Read more:
Tweet your senators and ask them to support moving forward with the health reform bill in tonight's critical vote:
POTUS: "You re the reason why thousands of families have finally been able to welcome home our loved ones who served us so bravely."
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not for a few." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
The rush hour view would be a whole lot nicer if everyone picked out a free #Obama2012 bumper sticker:
8 years ago today: There is not a liberal America and a conservative America. There is the United States of America.
President Obama said he would make college affordable for more Americans. Here's how he delivered:
There's no reason why our tax code should reward businesses for creating jobs overseas.
President Obama: "Our economy is stronger when everybody can count on affordable health insurance." #Forward
Are you in?
"If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." President Obama #SOTU #AmericaLeads
POTUS: Our fight is to restore the basic bargain that built the largest middle class and the strongest economy the world has ever known.
Join the President in support of the American Jobs Act:
Time is running out add your name to the @OFA donor wall today:
"Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan." VP Joe Biden
Standing in the rain for 6 hours so my 3-year-old could see the President with his own eyes. Alicia, Iowa
It s not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote.
"Nothing shrinks the deficit faster than a growing economy that creates good, middle-class jobs."
FACT: President Obama has signed 21 tax cuts to support middle-class families. #progress
New album: Thousands of volunteers stepped up over the weekend, and the pictures will make you smile.
FACT: Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americans could get insurance for $100 or less a month. #ACAWorks #GetCoveredNow
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started:
President Obama on the passing of Steve Jobs: "He changed the way each of us sees the world."
The #TeaPartyShutdown is making our food less safe. This must end now:
Spotted in the crowd at President Obama's event in Toledo today: Superman.
Barns for Obama! (via @OFA_OH)
You never know who might show up at your local phone bank.
The holiday season is almost here, and there's no better time to #GetTalking with a loved one about health care:
"Pass a budget. End this government shutdown. Pay our bills. Prevent an economic shutdown." President Obama
If you gave $5, it helped. 98% of September's contributions were $250 or less, with an average contribution of $53.
President Obama has kept his word and stood up for LGBT Americans:
Today reminds us of the bravery of those who have made America what it is and renews our duty to ensure our nation lives up to its promise.
President Obama speaking to a crowd of 18,000 in Madison: The middle class needs a champion in Washington.
The people of this country work hard to meet their responsibilities. The question tonight is whether we ll meet ours. President Obama
There's a lot of misinformation floating around. Make sure you've got the facts join the @OFA Truth Team: _
Usa nuestra nueva calculadora para ver la diferencia entre la tasa de impuestos de Mitt Romney y la tuya:
"Campus sexual assault is no longer a thing that we as a nation can say, 'It's not our problem.'" President Obama #ItsOnUs
President Obama: "I promised to end taxpayer-funded Wall Street bailouts for good and we did." #PromiseKept
"My family deserves a vote. We all deserve a vote." Sami on losing his father to gun violence:
"As long as college costs keep soaring, we can't just keep throwing money at the problem." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
More than 572,000 people donated to #Obama2012 in May and more than 147,000 of them were giving for the first time.
North Carolina Republican reps on Twitter: @repreneeellmers (NC-02), @RepWalterJones (NC-03), @virginiafoxx (NC-05), @howardcoble (NC-06)
On Romney's opposition to the Fair Pay Act: "Last night, his top adviser finally admitted, no, the Governor didn't support that bill."
Tune in at 2:50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the #WHScienceFair:
"This kind of inequality a level that we haven t seen since the Great Depression hurts us all." President Obama
President Obama speaks about entrepreneurship and the future of the middle class at @PathwaysInTech at 3:45 p.m. ET:
Good news worth sharing make sure the women in your life see this:
"The change we need doesn't come from Washington. Change comes to Washington. Change happens because the people demand it." Obama, 8/28/08
President Obama on signing the JOBS Act: For start-ups and small businesses, this bill is a potential game-changer.
Nevada voters: Tweet @DeanHeller and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
Romney on 47% of Americans: "I'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility &amp; care for their lives."
"I want every young man in America to know that real men don t hurt women." President Obama
"I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." President Obama
Vice President Biden speaks on the American Jobs Act in Florida. Listen live:
Adam from Wisconsin loved "The Road We've Traveled" an inside look at the President's first three years:
RT @Antyok @BarackObama $1500 will be a good start for my 10 month old son's college fund
Fired up in Ohio:
"No matter how long it takes, we're determined to do something about it." VP Joe Biden on gun violence prevention
Add your name if you believe it's time for 24 states to put #PeopleOverPolitics and stop blocking Medicaid expansion:
Solar energy is booming. #ActOnClimate
President Obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. Sign the petition to protect #NetNeutrality:
A badge to wear with/for Pride:
"Here at this memorial, this museum, we come together. We stand in the footprints of two mighty towers." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center.
Only 28 days left until summer recess. Tell Congress to put action on jobs above political games:
Todd Jones was confirmed as director of the ATF this week. Here's why this is a victory for supporters of gun reform:
105,000 of the people who donated in February were giving to support this organization for the very first time.
You're invited to a State of the Union watch party with supporters near you. RSVP now:
The next stop on President Obama's Road to Charlotte: Boulder, Colorado. Follow along here:
Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthday sign @OFA's card:
Welcome to Dashboard:
President Obama and Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki hold a joint press conference. Watch live:
The House just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. It's time for comprehensive solutions. #NoMoreGames
"Difficult and challenging as this whole episode has been... I don t want us to lose sight that things are getting better." President Obama
Four years after Barack Obama first accepted a nomination for president, a look back at promises kept.
"No one deserves to be denied health care because of politics." President Obama #OFASummit
Why the World Bank is fighting #climate change:
RT @TruthTeam2012: "Romney's Bain Capital invested in companies that moved jobs overseas":
The outcome of this election will affect women for generations to come say you're in:
Listen to what ordinary Americans have to say about the minimum wage:
Obama: "You can declare you want America to remain a country where no matter who you are or what you look like, you can make it if you try."
Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now:
The President checks in from Richmond, on his way to Chicago to vote early:
POTUS: "They like to call it Obamacare. Well, I do care. I care about all the young people who are able to stay on their parents plans."
"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." President Obama
To @SenChrisDodd: While your work in the Senate is not yet done, the loss of your leadership is already felt. Thank you for your service.
When rally day is also Derby day: #Obama2012
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the @NationalAction Network Convention. Tune in:
IN St Paul, MN speaking after securing the nomination. Watch the speech live on TV tonight or streamed
More votes like these to come over the next few weeks. Tell Senate Republicans why you can't wait for action on jobs:
We ve come a long way and there s more ahead. The Story of Us:
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride:
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations Conference.
Be prepared.
Actively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act. #DisarmHate
Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes:
POTUS: Gov. Romney plans to let Wall Street run wild again, but he s bringing the hammer down on Sesame Street.
Wheels down Denver.
The economy is growing, but there is more work to do. Our country deserves #ABetterBargain for the middle class.
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court:
Happy Presidents' Day!
"This is not an abstraction. These are not statistics. These are your friends, your neighbors, your family members." President Obama
This election could come down to just a few thousand votes. Sign up today to help get out the vote:
See why @OFA volunteers were named White House Champions of Change earlier this month:
Make sure the #climate change deniers in Congress hear from you today:
Watch: President Obama is making bold moves to act on climate change.
Caroline C. believes we should fix our immigration system "to allow more stories of hope and dreams to come true."
President Obama s support for small businesses helped Steve s wind manufacturing company hire more workers:
We are a nation that welcomes the service of every patriot and believes all are created equal. Those are the ideals we upheld today. #DADT
Living in Toledo, I know what would have happened if the President hadn't stepped in to save the auto industry. Thank you. Twila, OH
"But that s not an excuse to tell the vast majority of responsible, hardworking Americans, 'You re on your own.'"
Spread the word: It's almost #Dec23. Tell your friends and family to enroll now to be covered on January 1st.
Fired up in the heartland new photos from an @OFA_NE office opening:
Retweet if you're ready to #ActOnClimate.
We've already tripled wind energy in America, but there's more we can do.
Get it done today:
These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter.
Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing #UnitedOnClimate.
President Obama and the First Lady are set to kick off the first #Obama2012 rally in Ohio tune in at 12:45pm ET:
This law allows young adults under the age of 26 to stay on their parents health care plans. President Obama on the Affordable Care Act
.@Archuleta2012 on today's immigration news: "They are Americans in every way but on paper.
Student loan rates double for 7.4 million students at midnight tomorrow. Tell Congress to act:
Obama's Fix-It First plan would create jobs by repairing roads, bridges &amp; other infrastructure that most urgently need an upgrade. #JobsNow
"Time and time again, @SenatorReid stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." President Obama
Kathy s #My2K would help purchase supplies for her classroom. What does #My2K mean to you?
The other side is still spending millions to spread scare tactics. Fight back:
A map showing Romney s record of outsourcing American jobs:
If you re wondering why Congress needs to take action now to keep middle-class taxes low, meet the McLaughlins:
Aloha, Oahu:
Millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to #Obamacare. #SOTU
Today is one of the most important fundraising deadlines of this campaign so far. Pitch in $3 before midnight:
Shadowy conservative groups are planning a record $1 billion ad campaign to try to smear the President s record:
Proud.
"I want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." President Obama #SOTU
Pride is at full tilt this weekend. Find an event near you:
He did what he said he was going to do. Eli and Seth, twin brothers and veterans, on why they support the President:
Today's a good day to buy one of our Made in the USA mugs with the President's birth certificate on the back:
Community organizing never goes out of style. Shop now:
After almost a week into the new year, keep up your #Healthy2015 resolution by getting covered:
Obama: As long as I m President, I will never turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for another millionaire s tax cut.
Read the President's latest message to @OFA supporters: It's time to #RaiseTheWage.
Fired up, ready to go:
"Brown v. Board of Education shifted the legal and moral compass of our nation." President Obama on the decision's 60th anniversary
A movement of millions elected President Obama now the fight for change continues. Chip in $5 to support @OFA:
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all Americans:
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class.
It s not an option anymore: It s time to #ActOnClimate. Chip in to help make a difference:
"The country has changed. You will pay a political price for not getting engaged and dealing with gun safety." VP Joe Biden
The President's plan to keep your taxes low and reduce the deficit in a balanced way, in 3 steps:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement from the Briefing Room.
Merry Christmas.
"We re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." President Obama #SOTU
We're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
President Obama kept his promise to fight for #EqualPay for equal work:
"It s time to apply the same rules from top to bottom: No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts."
"Today more young people are earning college degrees than ever before. That's a great thing." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
We re planning a nationwide day of action for next Saturday, July 16th. Will you step up to the plate and host an event?
In New Hampshire - meeting people at 5pm at the Radisson Manchester & 7pm at Elm Street Middle School in Nashua.
President Obama spoke to a packed house of supporters at Music Hall in Cincinnati yesterday a few of their reactions to follow.
"We re not going to allow Iran to perpetually engage in negotiations that lead nowhere." President Obama
President Obama supports the need to #ActOnReform: "This isn't just the right thing to do. It's the smart thing to do."
If you or someone you know owns a small business, share how President Obama s policies are helping it succeed:
Don't start 2014 without a health care plan the deadline to enroll is Dec. 23rd. #GetCovered:
One-term president? It's up to you:
Most Americans agree: It's time to raise the minimum wage.
Holding primetime news conference on health care @ 8pm tonight. Watch it live & declare your support:
The President on Obamacare's 3rd anniversary: "In the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one should go broke just because they get sick." #ACA
A new poll shows that a majority of Americans want common-sense laws on gun sales:
If you're looking to make a difference and meet new people, find a weekend of action event near you:
Don't be left relying on luck you have #12DaysLeft to get quality, affordable care:
Get the straight facts about health insurance reform:
President Obama: "Ending the Iraq war has allowed us to strike decisive blows against our enemies." #SOTU
Use this tax calculator to see how your vote this fall will impact your family then share your results with friends:
Congress has only 49 days before its summer recess to take action on the president's plan to create jobs.
This historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate came faster than anyone predicted.
President Obama on the American people: "We have a sense of energy and dynamism and creativity that is not matched anywhere in the world."
POTUS on ending the war in Iraq: Let s now take half the money we were spending on war, and do some nation building here at home.
It took Tresa less than an hour to save more than $400 each month:
We're not giving up. We're going to keep working with members of Congress to make reform a reality. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
The President s energy strategy doesn t leave room for waste tell Congress to stop giving away billions to Big Oil:
"We are not finished yet. We've got more work to do." President Obama in Ohio:
President Obama on ending the war in Afghanistan and rebuilding America:
Change starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are organizing to make change a reality:
"Today, five years after the start of that Great Recession, America has fought its way back." President Obama on building #ABetterBargain
Our November 6th day of action is in full swing. There's still time to find an event near you:
Retweet if you agree that America should have the best airports, the best roads, and the best trains in the world.
"What a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
Americans owe more debt on student loans than on credit cards. The impact for your state if Congress doesn't act:
"The only thing the President likes more than a bus tour is a hug." @jrpsaki:
Only three days left to spread the word about health care. Can't help out on the ground? You can still chip in:
News today: Our FEC numbers. As of June, more than 2.4 million people have stepped up to own a piece of this campaign.
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Tonight at 9pm ET, tune in to the State of the Union address on TV, online:
Become an @OFA Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change:
Add your name: Take a stand for middle-class families.
For the first time since the 1990s, the private sector has added at least 200K jobs for nine consecutive months. #ActOnJobs
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the Daimler Detroit Diesel plant in Redford, Michigan.
RT @OFA_MI: The power of 1-on-1 meetings - they're a powerful tool in recruiting new volunteers. #Fellows2012
In Unity, NH. Heading to a rally with Senator Clinton. Watch this event live now on cable news or at
.@OFA_MA and @RaiseUpMA volunteers are working for a better minimum wage in Massachusetts. Join them:
President Obama at the White House Forum on Women and the Economy: Women are over half this country, and its work force.
Show the world you are Organizing for Action:
Obama: "There doesn t have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our 2nd Amendment rights." #DemandAction
House vote on health reform is imminent. This is a once-in-a-generation moment. Be part of it:
President Obama is fighting for you RT this image if you stand with him:
But keep contacting your legislators til we have a deal. You can find your member of Congress on Twitter here:
RT if you're on #TeamObama tonight.
Today, convince one more friend to volunteer with you:
Another nation commits to #ActOnClimate Mexico announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by 2030:
President Obama s on Romney s false claims about his tax plan: The fellow on stage last night said he didn't know anything about that.
The EPA's standards on cleaning carbon pollution from power plants will protect Americans' health. Show your support:
Buddies:
Share the President's plan to build on 30 months of private-sector job growth:
"He grew up here, went to school and graduated from here even pays his taxes." Krystle A.
Workers from Marion, Indiana, tell the story of what Mitt Romney s business decisions meant for their community:
POTUS: The Affordable Care Act helps make sure you don t have to worry about going broke just because one of your loved ones gets sick.
Today s tip: email all your friends who support the President with a link to your personal fundraising page:
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters:
Get to know the new national standards to reduce mercury and other toxic air pollution:
"They never gave up on me, and so I didn't give up on myself." President Obama on his support system growing up #MyBrothersKeeper
"Over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." President Obama
Voters in Florida: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
Make sure you're covered in 2014. Check out your options today:
FACT: Romney s plan would raise taxes on middle-class families with children by an average of $2,000 to pay for tax cuts for millionaires.
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices.
"For comprehensive immigration reform to work, it must be clear from the outset that there is a pathway to citizenship." President Obama
"We passed health care reform, also known as Obamacare, because I do care. I don t want insurance companies jerking you around anymore."
#iamherefor my mother, and all the Americans who are forced to spend time arguing w/ insurance companies instead of focusing on getting well
Don't miss out. You could meet the President:
"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." President Obama
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: #DoYourJob
In Strongsville, Ohio to speak about health insurance reform. Watch live at 1:05pm ET:
ICYMI: The Minnesota Legislature took action and increased the state minimum wage.
Help protect Wall Street reform tell Senate Republicans that the @CFPB needs a director now:
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders: It's time for a vote.
There are 18 days left for health care enrollment. Help @OFA fight to the finish:
Big news: More than 200 U.S. companies are supporting the President's plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants.
This week s Friday Facts speak to the American auto industry s path to recovery:
LIVE on @OFA #Periscope: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit.
Free bumper stickers! This week marks a new chapter for #Obama2012 show your support all over town:
There are some blessings we all share. President Obama on Thanksgiving:
FACT: In 2011, the median income of full-time workers with bachelor s degrees was 64% higher than high school graduates'. #DontDoubleMyRate
An evening with President Obama at George Clooney's house for you and a guest airfare and hotel are on us:
POTUS: They have tried to sell us these tired, trickle-down, you re-on-your-own policies before. They did not work. They ve never worked.
In St. Louis, MO. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
Voters in Arizona: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
Going our way? Pick up the shirt that says so:
President Obama: Let s give every child across America access to high-quality, public preschool."
50 days until Election Day. If you've been waiting to get involved, now's the time to step up:
Add this one thing to your to-do list today: #GetCoveredNow. Enrollment ends March 31st:
It's the holiday season sign this card for President Obama:
President Obama: Rebuilding our infrastructure is not a partisan issue. It's an American issue. #MadeInAmerica
Campaigned in Indianapolis & Munster, IN and then Charlotte, NC. Now heading to the NC Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Raleigh, NC.
Holding a discussion on energy policy in Las Vegas, NV. Watch the event live at
"I believe this is the defining challenge of our time making sure our economy works for every working American." President Obama at @amprog
A poster to say there are no red states or blue states, only the United States:
This guy turns 51 today:
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedented and unacceptable:
From affording quality child care to supporting local businesses, here's why #My2K matters to families all over the country.
ICYMI: @OFA volunteers across the country are preparing for the second health care enrollment period.
"Those Americans deserve an explanation as to why they don't deserve those jobs." The President on last night's vote:
The EPA's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution:
From President Obama, three things:
You change [D.C.] from the outside. You change it with the help of ordinary Americans who are willing to make their voices heard.
Just three days left until our crucial fundraising deadline. Can you give $5 today?
Thanks for your service, kiddo.
Make a difference in some of the closest races across the country. Call voters this evening.
You can make a difference on the issues that matter to you. Chip in $5 to support @OFA's work:
President Obama: "I want to export more products and outsource fewer jobs."
President Obama's last State of the Union address it's only a day away.
Tonight, the GOP candidates meet in Michigan for another debate:
RT if you agree: Congress should cut the deficit by closing tax loopholes for millionaires not by cutting vital services for kids &amp; seniors.
Read why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to America s prosperity and security:
Missouri Republican reps on Twitter: @reptoddakin (MO-2), @rephartzler (MO-4).
Volunteers at OFA HQ are calling non-stop to get the #MASen vote out:
Read the President's op-ed in @AARP on the importance of protecting Americans retirement savings:
We believe in a set of principles all men &amp; women are created equal; we re all endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights.
"By boosting reading levels, we can help more of our kids make the grade." President Obama #MyBrothersKeeper
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Emily no longer has to worry about losing her coverage when she graduates:
Looking towards home: One of our favorite photos from this year.
"There s only one way to solve these challenges: together."
If you're Latino and have been going without health insurance, don't miss out:
Stand against discrimination join the fight for equality.
Thanks to #Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud.
"I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." President Obama
President Obama speaks at the National Christmas Tree lighting. Watch live:
Millions of Americans have already received free preventive care, thanks to #Obamacare.
President Obama: "The time has come to pass comprehensive #ImmigrationReform."
Senate leaders are blocking the Supreme Court nomination for their own political gain don't be silent:
Tonight the President will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in at 8 pm ET:
Make sure your friends know how Obamacare is making health insurance more affordable:
75% of Americans Democrats &amp; Republicans agree that legal status for undocumented immigrants would help the economy:
Don't miss this.
Add your name to help President Obama deliver on the agenda Americans voted for last fall:
"Housing construction bounced back in July, hitting its highest level in eight months..." More from @thehill:
For a small business owner in New York, Obamacare means better coverage, a bigger network, and serious savings:
FACT: 61% of the Americans who Romney claimed don t take personal responsibility and care for their lives pay federal payroll taxes.
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now.
January at the White House check out these new behind-the-scenes photos:
Your representative in the House needs to hear from you about comprehensive #immigration reform. Call them today:
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about the economy from the @UptownTheater in Kansas City.
Obama: "The auto worker who's back on the job building cars with pride and dignity he needs a champion." #Forward
Happening now: President Obama speaks at the unveiling of the Rosa Parks statue at the Capitol.
Deadline deal: Pitch in $10 or more, get the car magnet of your choice.
"The fourth cornerstone of what it means to be middle class in this country is a secure retirement." President Obama #ABetterBargain
If you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name:
You can help keep up the pressure on the members of Congress who are key to passing #immigration reform:
Sign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in Hawaii:
There s a new video out to kick off Obama Pride narrated by @JaneMarieLynch:
POTUS: "Your tax rates are lower by about $3,600 for the typical family than they were when I came into office, because I kept my promise."
President Obama speaks at Guilford Technical Community College in North Carolina. Watch live:
An invitation from Sarah Jessica Parker:
You ready? #HealthCareCountdown
Thanks to #Obamacare, it's illegal for insurance companies to deny coverage to children with pre-existing conditions.
All men are created equal. No matter how hard they try, they can never erase those words. That is what America is about. Harvey Milk
Want to help make immigration reform a reality?
The Romney-Ryan voucher plan for Medicare could raise seniors health care costs by nearly $6,400 a year.
Happy New Year!
Want to have something in common with Wendi, Ken, Casey, and Juanita? Enter #DinnerWithBarack for you and a guest:
ICYMI: President Obama spoke at the "Let Freedom Ring" ceremony yesterday. Watch his speech:
Military families came together at the White House to celebrate Independence Day with fireworks and a concert. Watch:
"That vote could take place today. The shutdown would be over." President Obama
In an interview with @RollingStone, President Obama lays out why we need to #ActOnClimate before it's too late.
Don t disappoint @AzizAnsari:
You can #GetCovered without leaving your desk:
"Opportunity means making the minimum wage a wage you can live on." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Economic growth is just one way #DACAworks. See how your state will benefit from more #ImmigrationAction:
In Portsmouth, NH -just announced a visionary plan to make America a global leader on energy. For details visit www.barackobama.com/speeches
"For decades the fuel efficiency standards of our cars and trucks were stuck in neutral." President Obama
We must act, knowing that our work will be imperfect. President Obama
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building:
"America deserves a raise." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
President Obama urges the Senate to pass the American Jobs Act when it comes up for a vote next week:
President Obama explains how passing the payroll tax cut will grow the economy and help working Americans:
Check out the @WhiteHouse's November photos featuring yesterday's trip to Martha's Table, shots from China and more:
Amazing/surreal moment in Vegas: POTUS stops to talk to casino workers. Means to just shake a few hands, but word gets out...
Retweet if you agree that shutting down the government is not a negotiating tactic. #EndThisNow
Obama 2012 organizers like the ones from @OFA_PA are "keeping Republicans up at night."
President Obama trusts women to make their own health decisions. Add your name if you do, too:
"In America, no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty." President Obama
OFA is being built by people like you. Say you're in chip in $5.
Obama: Gov. Romney has been using all his talents as a salesman to dress up these very same policies that failed our country so badly.
Photo of the day: President Obama and Bo go Christmas shopping.
ICYMI: Some of America's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution.
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act. #WearOrange
Today is a great day to #GetCovered. Enroll now:
Read what a former @UChicagoLaw student learned from Professor Obama:
Idaho Republican reps on Twitter: @Labrador4Idaho (ID-1), @CongMikeSimpson (ID-2)
"Over the last 23 months, businesses have added nearly 3.7 million new jobs. Manufacturing is coming back." President Obama
RT if you agree: We've waited long enough for immigration reform.
Here s why Americans need Congress to confirm a director for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau:
Get ready the deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.
Here s a #LoveIsLove progress report that will make you smile:
If big financial firms can afford massive bonuses, they can afford to pay back the American people. Watch:
This shouldn't be a debate. #ActOnClimate
Don t miss @common s performance at the Chicago Moving America Forward rally. Watch live now:
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. You ll be pretty lonely." President Obama #SOTU
We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." President Obama #ACAWorks
Here's the deal: Chip in today and your donation will be matched dollar-for-dollar.
The most powerful voice in Washington should be yours:
Presidents tried to pass health care reform for decades and this one got it done.
Retweet if you agree: If you put in a hard day's work, you deserve a fair paycheck for it. #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
In her own words:
Most Americans support protecting LGBT Americans from workplace discrimination. Say you're one of them:
Here's a look at the five best @BarackObama tweets of this last year. Reply with your own favorite.
Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with #SCOTUS 101. #DoYourJob
DEADLINE: Tonight. Time to make your move chip in now.
This is about leveling the playing field for American workers in the global economy say it's time to #LeadOnTrade:
Letter of the week: Jessica wrote to thank President Obama for standing up for a woman's right to choose.
You and a guest could score front-row seats next to Michelle Obama at the President s DNC convention speech next month:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement. Tune in to watch:
"Middle-class economics works." President Obama
"Immigration is more than a political issue. It s who we are."
"Today, more than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." President Obama
We have not forgotten.
See what it s like to have #DinnerWithBarack then enter to win two seats at the last one of this campaign:
"We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." President Obama
"I will keep doing everything I can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." President Obama
Currently 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for 5.7 million Americans. That's wrong:
President Obama: "Let s hire another 100,000 math and science teachers to make sure we maintain a technological lead." #Debate2012
Photo of the day: President Obama congratulates the U.S. Women s Gymnastics team on their big win.
"First, I believe we need to stay focused on enforcement." President Obama #immigrationreform
Watching tonight's GOP debate? Track what the candidates say and what they don't at
"Climate change is real and we have to act now." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Side with cleaner air, not big polluters:
Pick up the phone to make sure your representative supports President Obama's middle class tax cut plan:
Addressing the latest developments in the ongoing response to the BP oil spill. Watch live at
Hold up a sign and take a photo, make some art, or record a video and share what change is to you:
Breaking: The Senate defeats a filibuster and votes to begin debate on common-sense steps to reduce gun violence. #NowIsTheTime
Happy International Day of Families.
Health care reform has helped millions join the team that's fighting to protect it.
Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games:
In Chillicothe, OH. At an "American Jobs Tour" rally. Watch it live at
In tough times, we don't abandon American families. Tell Congress to make it right:
We've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone continues.
Tonight, @TheDemocrats will be fact-checking the GOP candidates during their debate. Follow along:
We asked folks why they re voting for President Obama here are some of their responses. #Forward2012
Tell Congress: We can't wait for the next Newtown to act.
Join women in your community to build support for the President attend a #Women2012 house party on Feb. 22.
Five years ago today, Barack Obama launched a campaign for change. Take a look at what happened next:
2012 is here. Stand with President Obama in the new year:
Will Paul Ryan explain the math behind his plan to cut taxes for the wealthy, or deny the plan exists? #RyansChoice
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September 2008." President Obama #ReadyToWork
"Let's agree that no one who works full time in America should ever have to work in poverty." President Obama
Everything in this bill will be paid for
It's the grand opening of @OFA's store use the code LAUNCH5 for $5 off purchases $35 or more:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month.
If you ve got President Obama s back this year, now s the time to say so:
The @NYTimes on #immigration reform: It's the people s turn to push Congress in the right direction.
"To every CEO in America: If you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." President Obama #SOTU
Adding in the folks who gave in August, a total of 3,142,457 people have donated to this campaign since April 2011.
Congressional leaders have agreed to extend the payroll tax cut, preventing a tax hike on 160 million Americans:
When Americans come together &amp; tap into that spirit that s best in us, all that money doesn t matter. All those negative ads don t matter.
"If we want to keep moving forward, then we need to work our hearts out for the man I have the pleasure of introducing." @MichelleObama
Give a listen as a few of Wisconsin's most committed organizers talk about building support at a grassroots level:
Romney Economics didn t work for Massachusetts, and it won t work for the country:
No more games Congress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration. #EnoughAlready
An email from President Obama subject line: "Marriage."
Man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more:
RT @virginiarose52: @BarackObama It means gas in the car and some groceries---I already have to work 2 jobs so it wd mean a lot!
A group of extremists in the House is hours away from shutting down the government. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
Our new infographic shows the impact the GOP's Balanced Budget Amendment could have on middle-class Americans:
President Obama in Mentor, Ohio today: "We rise or fall as one nation, as one people."
"That means women should earn equal pay for equal work." #SOTU
Watch live: President Obama is in Falls Church, VA to speak about the economy.
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." President Obama #SOTU
Supporting clean drinking water is common sense:
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could have a big economic impact.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:
Support storm relief efforts where they're needed most by contributing to the American Red Cross:
Check it out: Last week, @OFA volunteers celebrated the success of health care reform.
What does the repeal of #DADT mean to you?
A new video you (and your friends) should see:
#FF Organizing for America in your state:
We're working on generating 100,000 calls to Congress for reform. You can help host a call party:
"The bottom line is: Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." President Obama
About 55,000 millionaires pay a lower effective tax rate than millions of middle-class families. The #BuffettRule would fix that.
"I eagerly await what Curiosity has yet to discover." President Obama on last night's rover landing on Mars:
Today marks 6 months out from Election Day get the dates you need to know between now and November 6th:
Cheers to @VP Biden on his birthday:
#OFA staff are tweeting live updates from today's #HCR meeting here:
Hundreds of thousands of supporters helped raise more than $86 million in this campaign's first three months
"Tell your Representatives that now is the time." President Obama
Sign @OFA's holiday card for President Obama then send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in 2015:
The election is in 8 weeks. Sign up to volunteer:
RT if you support the President's plan to reduce gun violence and help protect our kids. #NowIsTheTime,
"I m going to need everybody here registering to vote you can get forms online. Go to
An #AmericaForward tour update, straight from the source:
President Obama signed the payroll tax cut extension last night:
There's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've come.
"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." President Obama #ACAWorks
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful and irresponsible. #DoYourJob
In Pueblo, CO. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
A new open-government site that lets you look up records on election donations, White House visitors, and more:
"In America, higher education opens the doors to opportunity for all." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Senate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the Supreme Court nomination must end. Your voice matters:
FACT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales don't require a background check under current law. #WeDemandAVote
LIVE: President Obama is pardoning the National Thanksgiving Turkey. Tune in now:
"The best way to solve this system is by working together." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Nurses on how Obamacare has changed their lives, and the lives of their patients:
After 5 years, it's time to bring our soldiers home. Watch my discussion with eight Iraq veterans tonight at 6pm ET/PT on all MTV stations.
In Poland, Ohio: Four more years.
Women pay 30 to 50% more than men for the same health coverage. The #ACA will make this discrimination illegal in 2014:
Find out what's at stake for kids, seniors, and the mentally ill if Congress doesn't stop severe budget cuts:
"Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students." President Obama at Rhode Island College
"The Maryland Legislature did the right thing for its workers today by increasing the state minimum wage to $10.10 an hour." President Obama
Watch the weekly address tell your friends and family to #GetCovered and #StayCovered:
"A lot of companies are realizing that family-friendly policies are good business not just the right thing to do." President Obama
We're just two days away from another shutdown your voice matters more than ever. Add your name:
Want to share a meal with the President and First Lady? Tonight's the deadline to enter #DinnerWithBarack:
President Obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at 3:55 p.m. ET. Tune in:
"Congress left town for five full weeks and they left behind a stack of unfinished business." President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about the choice we face in this election.
In Kansas City, MO. Holding a discussion on "Renewing America's Promise." Watch it live at
Here's how to improve our economy and create hundreds of thousands of jobs: #RaiseTheWage.
I might be a bit biased, but I thought @MichelleObama knocked it out of the park at the convention last night. -bo
Congrats to Michael Phelps for breaking the all-time Olympic medal record. You ve made your country proud. -bo
"Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago." President Obama
Prosecutor, soldier, family man, citizen. Beau made us want to be better. What a legacy to leave. What a testament _
Show your support for bold moves to combat climate change add your name:
8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them:
The Iraq war began nine years ago today. Sharon shares how she felt when President Obama welcomed our troops home:
Join the President for his backyard birthday party in Chicago you won t want to miss it:
We ve brought more trade cases against China in one term than the previous administration did in two and we ve won. President Obama
President Obama and China's announcement is "serious momentum for quick action to cut greenhouse gases"
"Opportunity is what drew many of your parents and grandparents to America. We've got to restore that for your generation." President Obama
"We're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
FACT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales don't require a background check under current law. #DemandAction
FACT: President Obama has signed 18 tax cuts to support small business growth. #progress
"I want more people to have the chance to save for retirement through their hard work." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #MyRA
POTUS: We can t price the middle class out of a college education. We can t do it. #DontDoubleMyRate
We just proved we can go head to head with Romney and the Republicans and win. That can't stop now.
Tell Congress to keep the faith with job seekers and #RenewUI now.
In the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive #IranDeal:
Turn that fired-up feeling into action commit to vote now:
President Obama on Romney: "He called the Arizona law a model for the nation." #SketchyDeal
"Today, I applaud the efforts of Democrats in the House to give immigration reform the yes-or-no vote it deserves." President Obama
"A climate for change: America should not wait while the world warms" More from @washingtonpost:
If you live in Louisiana, ask @DavidVitter to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean millions of Americans could lose their health insurance:
"If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
President Obama is heading to Alaska the front lines in the fight against climate change.
Show Congress you expect action on gun violence prevention find an event near you this week:
You can choose an energy plan written by and for big oil companies, or you can choose an all-of-the-above energy strategy for America.
There is no doubt that today's job numbers show another month of private sector job growth. We are not going back--we are moving forward.
Watch highlights of the National Christmas Tree lighting with the First Family:
RT @OFA_NM: Jocelyn likes Obamacare. See why. #ILikeObamaCare
Romney-Ryan: The Go Back Team.
"Real reform means strong border security, and we can build on the progress my Administration has already made." #ImmigrationReform
Shadowy conservative groups have pledged $1 billion to take down the President. Help fight back:
Keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. Add your name now:
This is what a consensus looks like. #DoYourJob
Read six economic benefits of the Affordable Care Act:
So, this happened:
The President will address the nation at 9pm tonight about avoiding a government default. Watch at
Don't miss this chance: Tell @OFA what you're looking forward to hearing during the #SOTU.
Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law.
"This country needs an all-out, all-of-the-above strategy that develops every available source of American energy."
Share what President Obama s re-election means to you with a story or photo:
Learn more about Wall Street Reform at today s live chat w/ Austan Goolsbee at 2pm ET
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, "you're getting more value for every dollar you spend on your health care." President Obama #GoObamacare
No matter how small, Sheilah knows how important her donation is to the campaign:
People in some states are already voting so this election has begun. Make sure you re ready:
The #TeaPartyShutdown continues, and Americans are paying the price. Tell @SpeakerBoehner to stop listening to extremists in his own caucus.
The positive impact of #Obamacare is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back:
This is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now:
Just 80 days left donate $20 today:
RT @beccasiegel: The sun came out, the wind is not blowing trees over, and CSU is in for @OFA_CO #Obama2012
President Obama speaks on why Congress should pass the American Jobs Act. Watch live:
If you missed President Obama on the Daily Show yesterday, watch the interview and pass it on:
Oregon Republican rep on Twitter: @repgregwalden (OR-2) #compromise
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.
RT @MichelleObama: Incredible turnout at the rallies. I already knew you had Barack s back, but today we really felt it. mo
"After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." President Obama
.@IAmRashidaJones and @JesseTyler talk through how you can help this campaign win using the #Obama2012 app:
"We ought to keep on the track that we're on." Colin Powell on why he's voting for President Obama:
President Obama is proud to support the Respect for Marriage Act, which would take DOMA off the books once and for all.
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it.
Nothing beats talking face to face particularly when it's the President across the table:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on a strategy to boost travel and tourism in the United States.
ICYMI: For six months in a row, private sector job creation has exceeded 200,000 jobs.
President Obama: "We saved an American automobile industry that was on the verge of going under. Manufacturing is coming back."
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good one sign the card now:
Where will you stand in 2014? Say you're in:
Some amazing news this morning: 1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for this campaign in September.
POTUS on Romney: "A few months ago, when you were asked what s the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia."
It's time to stand up for American workers and #RaiseTheWage. Join the fight today:
Just 27 days until Congress breaks for summer recess it s time for them to act on the President's jobs plan:
Saying hi:
"Here in America, if you work hard, that work should be rewarded." President Obama
"We need to set aside the belief that government cannot do anything about reducing inequality." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Watch the President's weekly address to find out more about how he's building #ABetterBargain for the middle class:
Speaking about today's tragedy in Arizona. Watch live at
It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect it.
Holly survived cancer. Now she's covered. #ThisIsWhy health care reform matters.
Join the millions of Americans who are covered:
A woman who felt President Obama had let the middle class down has changed her mind.
In Martinsville, VA. Holding a discussion on protecting American jobs. Watch it live
Mike is a veteran who's working overtime to support his family:
You should give this a shot: Meet Michelle and Barack at the Democratic National Convention.
President Obama: After years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over six million new jobs. #JobsNow
The @IPCC_CH report warns about the dangers of climate change. Tell your member of Congress: Don't be a #ClimateFool.
#Immigration reform would benefit our economy, reducing the federal budget deficit by nearly $850B over 20 years:
Bold action on climate change matters. #ActOnClimate
Already voted? Get on the phone and help turn out voters in key states where a few votes could make the difference:
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget.
These representatives must make immigration a priority in 2014:
Organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. Join in:
Getting covered has never been more affordable. See for yourself:
In Tampa, FL at an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
Most Americans support background checks for all gun sales and it's time for Congress to make it happen.
Add your name if you think the Senate should do its job:
A summary of the President s proposals from the #SOTU address, in convenient fact-sheet form:
President Obama on the fiscal cliff: "Preventing [middle class tax hikes] has been my top priority."
RT @NHYoungDems America is #GreaterTogether. Stand with @BarackObama for 4 more years to finish what we started in '08.
"So spread the word. Tell your friends and family members to get covered." President Obama
Tune in at 5:50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky:
"I know people call this law Obamacare, and that's okay because I do care." President Obama
For Stage Stores, #RomneyEconomics meant more than 330 closings and nearly 5,800 lost jobs:
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself:
"I've got one more campaign in me the campaign to make sure this law is working for everybody." President Obama on Obamacare #OFASummit
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name:
Join @MichelleObama and wish the President a happy birthday:
Fighting climate change: Creating jobs: The solar industry is booming.
Thanks to the millions of Americans who made their voices heard and helped bring the shutdown to an end. Now let's get back to work.
FACT: In 2011, median weekly income for people with bachelor s degrees was $415 higher than high school graduates'. #DontDoubleMyRate
If you're a woman for Obama, let everyone know it with a free bumper sticker:
If you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donation meaning you'll make double the impact:
For all your coffee, tea, and hot chocolate needs this winter:
"This is an issue that's bigger than politics." President Obama on early childhood education #InvestInUs
"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"We celebrate the ADA's lasting legacy as a pillar of civil rights." President Obama on the anniversary of Americans with Disabilities Act
"Our long-term goal is to get our long-term deficit under control in a way that is balanced and fair." President Obama
By 2016, President Obama s safeguards against toxic mercury pollution will prevent up to 120,000 asthma attacks each year. #EarthDay2012
Say you're ready for strong global efforts to #ActOnClimate don't let climate change deniers prevent progress:
These extreme records aren't a fluke climate change is largely caused by human activity.
That time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to #ActOnClimate:
"For many people it is the difference between life and death." @MelodyCBarnes on health care reform at the #ActionSummit
You don't have much time left to start 2015 with health insurance. Sign up here:
"We are determined to help AmeriCorps succeed." President Obama #AmeriCorps20
Virginian women for Obama:
"We ve made real progress, but we re here today because we know we have more work to do. President Obama
Watch live: President Obama takes part in a live town hall on Univision s Meet The Candidate.
We're on the verge of victory on Wall St. reform. David Plouffe explains how you can help get us over the finish line:
This week, the President called on Congress to #passthebill, spoke at @HRC, and traveled to Texas. Watch:
Health care reform changed the course of history. Add your name to the permanent record of supporters:
Have you checked your options yet? #GetCovered:
Retweet if you agree: Women deserve equal pay for equal work. #StandWithWomen #OpportunityForAll
RT @OFA_IA: #IA2012 team members in Sioux City focused in on today's #TrainIA
Ever wish the car ahead of you had an Obama-Biden bumper sticker? Your car can lead by example get your free one now:
FACT: Under Gov. Romney, MA outsourced jobs in child support enforcement, food stamps, and unemployment insurance overseas.
"Our ultimate goal is an agreement that gets our long-term deficit under control in a way that is fair and balanced." President Obama
Since the beginning of this campaign in April 2011, a total of 4,200,000 people have pitched in to own a piece of it.
Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday, @BillClinton.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine.
If you think Mitt Romney isn't extreme on women's issues, think again:
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans." Watch the weekly address:
"The strength that we have shown in Iran is shown by the fact that we have been able to mobilize the world." President Obama
Speaking to students across the country as they mark the beginning of a school year. Watch live at 1pm ET.
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessors and he's not done yet:
Through the Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act, we affirm our commitment to ensuring freedom of the press worldwide.
We can start rewarding companies that open new plants, and train new workers, and create new jobs right here in America. President Obama
The President was fired up at a grassroots event in Iowa yesterday:
I have long advocated for the repeal of Don t Ask, Don t Tell, & am pleased that the House & the Senate have taken steps to do just that
Rosetta from Missouri is covered. #ThisIsWhy:
FACT: Thanks to health care reform, insurance companies won t be able to charge women more than men for the same coverage. #progress
Fair pay: f _ _or all of America s daughters.
This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the President:
RT if you agree: We can't afford to cut vital services for kids and seniors. Congress should stop these cuts now.
Afternoon soundtrack: the #Obama2012 supporter-picks playlist.
For the youngest #Obama2012 supporter in your life:
President Obama released a statement today on the passing of Andy Griffith:
We're fueled by supporters giving whatever they can afford. Can you pitch in today?
"I need everybody here to commit to vote. I need you to talk to friends, neighbors, co-workers, aunts, uncles, and tell them Nov 2 matters."
It's time to dig deep. Join volunteers across the country who are calling voters from home to get out the vote:
"I take this personally because I'm the husband of a brilliant woman who struggled to balance work and raise our girls." President Obama
"We need Congress to act fast to avoid even more hard-working people losing their jobs. It isn't acceptable." Elizabeth C. #JobsNotCuts
In a new poll, 63% of Americans support President Obama's plan to create jobs:
Questions about the new health care options? Sign up and see how much you could save:
"We've come too far to turn back now." President Obama in Green Bay, Wisconsin:
President Obama on the Senate's vote to extend the payroll tax cut:
Wishing @FLOTUS the happiest birthday today. Thanks for being an inspiration every day of the year.
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention:
FACT: If Congress doesn't act, small business lending will decrease by $540 million eliminating financing to hire more workers. #JobsNotCuts
The fight to improve access to health care isn't over. Say you're in:
Jennifer, David, and their kids shouldn't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires:
The Senate votes tomorrow on student loan rates tell them to help keep college affordable:
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:
President Obama: "We have to tell Congress it s time to require a background check for anyone who wants to buy a gun." #DemandAction
A few Women for Obama in Fairfax, VA.
The final march for reform has begun. We need you to talk to your neighbors and help spread the facts on health reform:
"I m announcing the creation of a Trade Enforcement Unit charged with investigating unfair trading practices in countries like China."
If you re a teacher or education professional who supports the President, now s the time to join Educators for Obama:
Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers.
FACT: America s dependence on foreign oil has reached a 20-year low, down 25% since President Obama took office. #progress
It's time for Congress to #ActOnReform. Add your name:
Anyone with student loan debt needs to see this video:
What does a million grassroots donors look like? Enjoy and share our shiny new interactive infographic:
If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read more:
Follow @Obama2012 tonight for live coverage of the President and Vice President s #DNC2012 speeches.
Our destiny is not written for us, it s written by us. And we re going to write the next chapter together.
Here s your chance at dinner with the Obamas:
President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer @PeteSouza's gallery from the first 49:
The debt agreement also creates a bipartisan committee to keep working on a balanced approach to reducing our deficit.
Letter of the week comes from Vanessa in Ohio, who wrote to President Obama in support of the jobs bill:
We asked what you d talk about at #DinnerWithBarack. Here s what you said:
"I began with a clipboard at a very small farmer's market." James on why he's organizing to reduce gun violence:
I'm committed. Are you?
LIVE: President Obama and the @VP want Americans to have access to today's good jobs. Tune in:
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state:
"I haven t finished all the work we set out to do in 2008 just yet, but I have fought for you every single day that I've held this office."
It's time to #RebuildAmerica: Check out the President's plan to fix our roads and bridges.
Today is the 50th anniversary of Dr. King's "I have a dream" speech. Watch the President speak at 2:45 p.m. ET:
In case you missed it earlier, check out the President's answers to a Reddit Q&amp;A:
"So let s agree right here, right now: No side issues. No drama. Pass the payroll tax cut without delay."
We made ourselves anew, and vowed to move forward together. President Obama
FACT: Since taking office, President Obama has cut taxes for the typical American family by $3,600. #progress
On the sixth anniversary of #Obamacare, stand with @OFA and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care:
Have you enrolled yet?
Elizabeth Warren understands what I strongly believe that a strong, growing economy begins with a strong and thriving middle class.
Tell a friend, tell a family member, tell a neighbor: #GetCovered.
Retweet if you agree: 51 years after the Equal Pay Act, it's #TimeForProgress on equal pay.
The conversations supporters are having today will inspire folks to action plain and simple. Make calls:
The deadline to add your name is midnight tonight:
"Your job is not done when you walk out of the ballot booth."
18 days to go, and it s all hands on deck. Sign up to volunteer this weekend:
Watch live: President Obama holds a press conference at the White House.
One-question survey: Tell @OFA what you're hoping the President addresses during the #SOTU:
President Obama had some fun at the White House Correspondents' Dinner last night:
Meet Sara, an @OFA Fellow and grassroots organizing superstar:
ICYMI, Hawaii is closer to #MarriageEquality than ever before. Show your support today:
"America's resurgence is real. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
"A typical middle class family of 4 would see their income taxes go up by $2,200. That's money a lot of families just can't afford to lose."
"Young Americans finally have better access to quality, affordable health care." Read more from @KalPenn:
CHIP IN NOW: Get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline.
Another milestone to celebrate for wind power and plenty of room to grow.
"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." President Obama
Right now @OFA is looking for new members for the team that will make 2014 a year to remember. Are you in?
Send President Obama some love for his birthday:
"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." President Obama
Why do you need Republicans in Congress to take action on jobs? Share your story:
On this day in 2008, then-Sen. Obama won the South Carolina primary:
The #PatientsBillofRights lets you designate any available participating primary care provider as your provider.
The @NYTimes supports #hcr: "the U.S. Senate has a chance this week ... to pass a historic piece of legislation."
Watch the President lay out his strategy to stop taxes from going up on 98% of Americans &amp; reduce our nation's deficit:
More than 57,000 pre-K children are feeling the affects of the #sequester:
At 1:40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
Photos of the day: A slideshow of @VP Biden s first day in Asia.
America does not stand still. We move forward. That is why as we emerge from this recession, we cannot return to the pre-crisis status quo.
ICYMI: Health care enrollment is back.
"My opponent and his allies in Congress, they believe prosperity comes from the top down." President Obama
Just a few days left to enter to have #DinnerWithBarack and his guest Michelle:
President Obama: "Repealing Obamacare and cutting spending is not an economic plan." We deserve #ABetterBargain:
Romney now: "I like American cars." Romney in 2008: "Let Detroit go bankrupt."
This lawyer knows the #CostOfInaction on immigration reform first hand. Read her story:
"I am not going to walk away from 40 million people who have the chance to get health insurance for the first time." President Obama
The President and First Lady will both be at the next #DinnerWithBarack. Don t miss your chance to join them:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Mitt Romney versus reality, vol. 3:
There's a huge virtual march for #ImmigrationReform today. Tweet the Senate to be a part of it:
"Good luck to the U.S. Women s National Team in the World Cup Final!" President Obama #SheBelieves
Ohioans have been working hard to protect their voting rights. Volunteers with @OFA_OH, @OHDems, and others had a big announcement today.
"Everyone pays their fair share. Everyone does their part. That's how our economy works best. That's how we grow."
Good news: Employment rose by 288,000 in April, driven by a 273,000 increase in private employment.
Addressing the Democratic Party Winter Meeting tomorrow morning. Watch live:
"We couldn t afford television ads. Michelle and I, we used to go door-to-door and hand out flyers that we had printed out at Kinko s.
"You guys sound fired up!" President Obama at the @OFA Spring Summit
FACT: Romney's plan repeals Obamacare, won't protect families from insurance company abuses, and leaves 50 million more Americans uninsured.
Sunday marked Elena Kagan's first anniversary as a justice on the Supreme Court, and yesterday was Sonia Sotomayor's two-year anniversary.
Don't forget to tune in on Monday to the White House Summit on #WorkingFamilies:
At the final rally of his final campaign last night, President Obama told the story of "Fired up! Ready to go!"
Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave:
Change only happens when you organize. #SOTU
The five best videos of the last year, as selected by the #Obama2012 team:
Made an important decision today and wanted to share it with you. Visit
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come:
LIVE: President Obama is talking to students at @GeorgiaTech about how to make college in America more affordable.
Retweet if you think it's time to let the 800,000 furloughed workers get back to work.
"I want Congress to do its job to make life easier for Americans who put them there in the first place." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
This coalition of 176 companies supports the President's action on climate change:
"You can only pick one winning team I have 63 colleges mad at me." President Obama on #MarchMadness
Wrapping up day two of Sotomayor hearings. Direct & precise, her words speak for themselves:
In Hartford, CT, East Rutherford, NJ, and Boston, MA at Stand for Change Rallies. For info visit
I congratulate the House on passage of the DISCLOSE Act a critical step toward controlling the influence of special interests.
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay. #DoYourJob
If there s even one thing that we can do to prevent any of these events, we have a deep obligation all of us to try.
The Affordable Care Act is expanding community health centers all over the country:
Senate leaders' political games are handicapping the Supreme Court and judgeships across the country.
President Obama: "You have to tell Congress, Don t double my rate. " #DontDoubleMyRate
Check out why folks across the country support the Affordable Care Act then share your own reason with #ILikeObamacare:
WATCH: President Obama is participating in a town hall at @WalkerJonesEC about the #MyBrothersKeeper initiative.
Senate Republicans are planning budget amendments that would gut our ability to fight climate change and invest in clean energy. #OFAClimate
"We should do everything we can to encourage companies like Daimler to keep investing in American workers." President Obama
"In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." Meet Margaret:
"This is a family agenda, but it starts with making sure every woman is getting a fair shot." President Obama #WomenSucceed
"Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." President Obama
Last week, 44 senators voted against a bill that would help close the pay gap between women and men.
.@DemocratsDotOrg believe in a vibrant free market, but one that works for everybody. That's our vision for a stronger economy.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Florida about his plans to keep us moving forward.
Good news: You have two extra days to #GetCovered for the new year.
"We, the people, recognize that this government belongs to us ... we can't just sit on the sidelines." President Obama #SmarterGov
A look back at the crowd in Davenport:
We re doing better with his plan than we were before. Constance shares why she s investing in the next four years:
A hug, circa 1992.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about how he s fighting for American workers.
No matter who you are or where you come from, you can make it if you try:
President Obama: Colleges that keep tuition down and provide quality education will see their federal funding go up. #MakeCollegeAffordable
These are high praises from the American Bar Association and yet, Senate leaders refuse to even consider Judge Garl _
Today is last call for dinner with the First Couple. Airfare is on us and your odds are better than you think:
Obamacare: Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010.
When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve not even climate change. #ActOnClimate today:
President Obama will address the future of the economy at @NorthwesternU at 2:15 pm ET. Don't miss it:
Your voice matters. Own a piece of this movement, and let's start 2015 off strong:
LIVE: The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households.
This is an easy way to show your support for cleaner air:
The insurance industry: secretly spending millions to kill the reforms that have eluded us for generations.
You can watch President Obama's second inaugural address in full here:
Watch @MichelleObama's entire #DNC2012 speech here:
"We can finish the job with a balanced mix of spending cuts and more tax reform." President Obama on reducing the deficit
It's up to you:
We are on the precipice of big changes the most significant reform of our health care since the passage of Medicare.
President Obama: Go to
President Obama: "Today's outcome is a reminder that we all have a stake in our country's future, and a say in the direction we choose."
"Let's move this country forward. Let's move it up." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
Don't forget -- online town hall on health care reform today at 1:15pm ET
Today we pay tribute to those brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country at Pearl Harbor.
Some fun for your Valentine's Day: @AdorableCareAct. #FF
"I believe when women succeed, America succeeds." President Obama #SOTU #StandWithWomen
Your name belongs on the #RaiseTheWage petition:
"Facts matter." Joe Biden #WrongAgainRyan
President Obama on the importance of preschool: "Education has to start at the earliest possible age."
President Obama to Congress: Pass a budget. End the #GovernmentShutdown. Pay our bills. Prevent an economic shutdown. #JustVote.
Forward. #Obama2012
The Amazon Kindle Singles interview with President Obama on #ABetterBargain is available now for free:
Put your support in (digital) ink. Go #OnTheRecord:
Support #Obama2012 for the voters you want to win over:
President Obama is speaking to American troops at 2:45 p.m. ET to express his gratitude for their service:
Reform must control health costs. One economist says "you couldn't have done better" than the Senate bill. Read why:
Watch @OFA's new video and #GetTalking about health care this holiday season:
Luis was anxious about medical bills before. Not anymore.
"We ll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." President Obama
It's official: 2014 was the hottest year on record.
Delivering the commencement address at the University of Michigan. Listen live:
Voters in Alabama: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
President Obama: Four years ago, I promised to cut middle-class taxes. I kept that promise.
Hey, everyone: I'll be taking your questions online today. Ask yours here:
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to #DisarmHate.
FACT: Under Governor Romney, Massachusetts debt burden skyrocketed to the highest in the nation per person.
Our reforms have helped Americans, community by community. Read about and share stories of progress in your area:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the 2013 budget.
Today is the day: Enroll in a health plan for coverage that kicks in on February 1st.
Protect the progress of the Affordable Care Act and the lives it s saving by joining the #Women2012 week of action:
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
"This past year, we saw one of the fastest drops in nearly 30 years in the unemployment rate." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Tonight I challenge you to join me in setting a new goal: by 2035, 80% of America s electricity will come from clean energy sources. #SOTU
"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: China will." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Donate $10 or more --&gt; get your favorite car magnet:
Since President Obama took office, our oil imports have been reduced by an average of 1.1 million barrels a day:
For more on the @CFPB and President Obama's work to reform Wall Street, watch this:
Exciting celebration of LGBT Pride Month at the @WhiteHouse yesterday.
POTUS: "No family should have to set aside an acceptance letter to a college like Bowling Green because they don t have the money."
Heading to Alabama for the Birmingham kick-off rally.
Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him and turned up everyone who came after. We'll miss you, Chuck. Be good.
There's a lot of chatter out there about the debt agreement but here's what you need to know.
A favorite photo: Campaigning in the rain.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Illinois about American energy.
Watch the President speak at 11:55 a.m. ET about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology:
Romney finally released a 2nd full year of tax returns, revealing millions invested overseas. What else is he hiding?
Tonight Gov. Christie endorses Mitt Romney at the RNC. Say hi to Team Not-Quite-Last-Place:
Saying hi in New Hampshire:
If Texas expanded Medicaid under #Obamacare, 1.2 million people would gain health insurance. #PeopleOverPolitics
Oil companies don t need $4 billion of your tax dollars every year:
"This plan begins with cutting carbon pollution by changing the way we use energy." President Obama on steps to #ActOnClimate
If you want somebody who knows how to get the job done, no matter the mission, hire a veteran. President Obama at #ALConvention
FACT: Businesses have added 5.2 million new private-sector jobs over the past 31 straight months. #progress
Even President Reagan said it was wrong for a millionaire to pay a lower tax rate than a bus driver:
"I never said change would be easy. When you try to do big things & make big changes it stirs passions & controversy that s just how it is."
Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message:
RT @janemarielynch: Mitt Romney on Planned Parenthood: "We re going to get rid of that" #Obama2012
"It shouldn t be a partisan issue." President Obama on extending unemployment insurance. Watch the weekly address:
If you live in Hurricane Sandy's path, get the information you need on how to prepare here:
Touring ZBB Energy Inc. in Menomonee Falls, WI, and then speaking to workers. Listen live at 12:10 pm ET.
Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million American workers:
It s a promise, it s a pledge, it s a free Women for Obama bumper sticker:
Making buildings more energy-efficient is one of the fastest, cheapest ways to save money, combat pollution & create jobs.
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on @FallonTonight at 11:35 p.m. ET. #POTUSonFallon
10 days, New Hampshire. 10 days and you ll be stepping into a voting booth and making a defining choice about the future of our country.
"For too many middle class Americans, it feels as though the same trends that have been going on for decades are continuing" President Obama
North Carolina Republican reps on Twitter:@suemyrick (NC-09), @patrickmchenry (NC-10) #compromise
"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." President Obama
Fighting for companies whose products are #MadeInAmerica:
"At Columbine, 12 kids died because of guns, including my son Daniel. Why hasn't Congress made guns a priority?" Tom Mauser #WhatWillItTake
Getting covered doesn't have to break your bank account. Take the #100Challenge and see for yourself:
Want to hear from President Obama directly? Get on the phone tonight:
President Obama s birthday is tomorrow don't forget to sign his card:
This week, we're officially rolling out Women for Obama why are you in? #Women2012
Just a few hours left to throw your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarackAndJoe. Don't miss your chance:
President Obama: I ran because the voices of the American people your voices had been shut out of our democracy for far too long.
"When you decide that it s time for change to happen, guess what. Change happens."
This victory shows that when the American people make their voices heard, Washington listens. President Obama on reauthorizing #VAWA
President Obama on tonight's fundraising deadline: "This is important." Pitch in $3 before midnight:
Congress votes again today on middle-class tax cuts. What would an extra $1,500 mean to you? #WeCantWait
President Obama won tonight s debate because his leadership has made us stronger, safer &amp; more secure. #ProudOfObama
"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." President Obama
America needs a budget that builds a stronger middle class not one that revisits failed policies.
"I'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the American people." President Obama #Cybersecurity
Live in CO? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit reduction.
Beat the buzzer the big fundraising deadline is almost here.
Just 64 days until the election sign up for Dashboard now to get involved in your neighborhood:
It's up to you to to keep the issues you care about front and center:
Reducing gun violence "is one of the great issues of our time, and the time for action is now." @MayorTomMenino:
FACT: Thanks to the #ACA, insurance companies now cover preventive services like mammograms and colonoscopies with no co-pay. #progress
"People are out of work. They are hurting. They need our help. And I want a jobs bill on my desk without delay." #SOTU
ICYMI: A comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on Speaker Boehner's desk for more than 500 days. #EnoughAlready
Please read this Vicki Kennedy says it's time to pass #hcr and finish the work of her late husband's life:
Two victories for clean energy in California:
"The most important title is not president or prime minister, but citizen." President Obama #CGI2014
Greg, a small business man in Pennsylvania, shares his birthday with the President. Here's why he's in for 2012:
In Independence, MO. Speaking about what patriotism means to me. Watch live at:
Make a healthy choice enroll in a new health care plan today:
As long as Senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, @OFA supporters will continue speaking out against their _
This is personal now : Republican women on why they re voting for President Obama.
Life is unpredictable. Get some peace of mind:
This is our generation s Sputnik moment. #SOTU
Election Day is one month away, but voter registration deadlines in most states are this week. Register now:
"Nobody in America, and certainly no veteran, should be left to live on the street." President Obama #ABetterBargain
The time for talk is over. It s time to take health reform across the finish line.
Just a few votes could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today.
"This country will always be a place where you can make it if you try." President Obama
President Obama is committed to keeping the sacred trust we hold with our servicemembers:
In the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we #LeadOnTrade:
Video of the President's interview on same-sex marriage:
Retweet if you agree: We'll work to get more Americans covered with each passing year. #7MillionAndCounting
Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today:
President Obama will speak about the monthly jobs report at 10:35am ET. Watch live:
Today we've made a meaningful breakthrough on climate change but we have much further still to go.
In Iowa at two presidential forums today: The Heartland Forum at 3:30pm ET on C-SPAN & The Brown & Black Forum at 8pm ET on HDNet.
Speaking to the press at 11am ET. Watch live at
Twenty years ago today, I married the love of my life and my best friend. Happy anniversary, Michelle. -bo
Video: President Obama at his first rally of 2012.
"There s going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." President Obama on the passing of #BBKing
"The law works." Everyday families on #Obamacare. Watch OFA's new ad.
Mitt Romney failed in his audition on the world stage:
FACT: If Congress fails to extend a tax credit for wind power past this year, 37,000 people could lose their jobs within a year.
RT @Obama2012: Just saying no to ideas that we know will help our economy isn t an option. There s too much at stake. President Obama
"Let's get together, work together, to restore opportunity for every single American." President Obama #ReadyToWork
Before the House takes its 40th vote to repeal #Obamacare, read about 40 ways the law is working for Americans:
"You inspire us, you inspire the country... you inspire me." President Obama to the @wwpinc Solider Ride participants
This campaign is proud to be kicking off African Americans for Obama in 2012. Watch the President s message:
Important: If you re not registered to vote at your current address, take care of it now:
"To me, fatherhood means being there." President Obama
For more about Justice Sotomayor and Justice Kagan and their contributions to the Supreme Court, visit
When Romney's firm bankrupted GST Steel, company executives got $9 million while hundreds of workers received no severance. #RomneyEconomics
Have a merry Christmas.
"I ve got a mandate to help middle-class families." President Obama at his news conference yesterday:
Americans always answer the call.
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
The White House and NIH discuss the 30th anniversary of the AIDS epidemic. Watch live:
What will it take for climate change deniers to #ActOnClimate?
"Saving the American auto industry was the right thing to do." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the #RecoveryAct.
FACT: Total U.S. exports sustained 11.3 million American jobs in 2013. #MadeInAmerica
Did you see Lilly Ledbetter, the inspiration for the Fair Pay Act, on @Maddow tonight? Hear her story in her words:
Reminding everyone in South Dakota & Montana to vote! For polling locations visit
More momentum for marriage equality: @LisaMurkowski says Americans should be able to love and marry whom they choose.
If just one of the 400 wealthiest Americans paid a fair share, more than 750 firefighters could stay on the job. #BuffettRule
Earlier this week, President Obama sat down with Steve Kroft of 60 Minutes. Watch here:
Holding a joint press conference with U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron. Watch live at 2 pm ET.
Ready for spring.
President Obama asks Americans to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the September 11th attacks with acts of service:
"If you want to find the best workers in the world... you should invest in the United States of America." President Obama
High fives in Orlando, Florida:
President Obama speaks in the Rose Garden. Watch live:
In Norfolk,VA. Holding a discussion on education. Watch it live at
It's more fun to run with a friend. #NationalRunningDay
Ever wanted to DJ an #Obama2012 rally? Share the songs you d want to see on Saturday s playlist:
How we ll create jobs today, make America more competitive tomorrow, and win the future:
President Obama: "We will ensure equal treatment for all service members, and equal benefits for their families gay and straight." #SOTU
FACT: Under Governor Romney, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 in job creation.
"A tremendous step towards American energy independence." President Obama. Watch the weekly address:
RT @larenard: What are your plans to get recently turned 18 year olds registered &amp; get to the polls?
You and a guest could join President Obama and some of basketball's best for dinner and some hoops. Enter to win:
In the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing Act:
House leadership has failed to act on #immigration. @OFA volunteers are showing them the cost of inaction. Watch:
President Obama: "For the first time in nine years, there are no Americans fighting in Iraq."
This West Wing Week: celebrating the holidays with our troops and a press conference on the tax-cut compromise:
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable.
Signing the Middle-Class Tax Cut into law at 3:50pm ET. Watch live at
Don't miss President Obama's speech at the @NationalAction Network Convention at 4:10 p.m. ET:
You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer. Here's how:
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Denver about common-sense measures Congress should pass to reduce gun violence.
The question is: Whose plan is better for you?
Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to #ActOnClimate now.
These three Marines lowered the American flag in #Cuba in 1961. Today, they raised it again:
Twelve more months of progress to go say you'll tune in:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement in New York.
Pick out a few classics from the #Obama2012 store for half off the original price:
RT @chocolatechai7: I've got your back for 2012 #ReadyToGo @OFA_OH
In the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans: #DoYourJob.
"No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." President Obama
Rather than offer a plan to cut health care costs, Romney thinks uninsured Americans should just go to the ER:
Retweet if you agree: Now is the time to give America a raise. #OpportunityForAll #RaiseTheWage
Not much time left chip in and help start 2015 strong:
"It's lonely doing work all by myself." President Obama to House leadership #OpportunityForAll
"Every day we wait to do something about it, even more are stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun." President Obama #DemandAction
Joining supporters, the First Lady, @johnlegend, and more for a rally tomorrow. Watch live beginning at 6pm ET at barackobama.com/live.
"You have returned political power to where it belongs the American people." @MelodyCBarnes at the #ActionSummit
We got some news yesterday:
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Plan show your support in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts:
"Politics had reached into my home and helped my family." Take a minute for this:
"I'm asking Americans to make your voice heard. Tell members of Congress what a $2,000 tax hike would mean to you."
Retweet if you agree: We must do more to respond to the threat of #climate change.
Unlike Romney s campaign, Lilly Ledbetter thinks that equal pay for equal work shouldn t be a question:
Delayed action will increase the costs of climate change. It's time to act:
"Sensible gun safety reforms still deserve a vote."
Text BACKSTAGE to 62262 before 11:59pm ET to be entered to go backstage in Las Vegas:
"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." President Obama
In a special Gulf Coast West Wing Week, take a look at the administration's efforts to clean up the BP oil spill.
"When we're at the dinner table, he's not Barack Obama, President of the United States. He's Malia and Sasha's dad."
We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give American workers a voice. President Obama #SOTU #AmericaLeads
Watch the weekly address on expanding opportunity for all:
We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your part #WearOrange on June 2.
At every juncture in history, we ve recognized that the way to move forward, in our own lives and as a nation, is to put education first.
Sandy and Lonnie lost a daughter in Aurora. They're asking: #WhatWillItTake for Congress to act?
Make plans to attend a State of the Union watch party this Tuesday:
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the dedication ceremony of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum.
"We're slowing the cost of health care and we're covering more people at the same time." President Obama #AmericaLeads
Health care reform opponents scale up attacks, playing politics w/ our lives & livelihood. Fight back:
The GOP isn't just against the President's nominee they're against Wall Street reform. Tell them not to block the vote:
Education should not be a Democratic or Republican issue. It's an American issue.
If you want to be President, you ve got to work for everybody, not just for some. President Obama on the @Late_Show:
We believe that if this country invests in the skills and ideas of its people, good jobs and businesses will follow.
RT if you support background checks for all gun sales. #DemandAction,
The #TeaPartyShutdown continues today and Americans are paying the price. Tell them to stop this:
Here's one way to spark change: Share what LGBT equality means to you.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the White House Forum on Women and the Economy.
Watch live at 11am ET: @WhiteHouse CIO Vivek Kundra and CTO Aneesh Chopra announce the new Open Government Plan:
"Rebuilding our infrastructure is vital for business." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
For the first time, you can support the campaign via text. Give $10 to Obama for America, text GIVE to 62262.
Heading to Democratic presidential debate at St. Anselm College in New Hampshire. Debate starts at 7pm EST and will air live on CNN.
Watch the speech that got Coloradans fired up for President Obama:
Thanks to President Obama s Wall Street reform, no bank is too big to fail:
Happening now: President Obama is addressing the nation. Watch here:
"Let us search for his largeness of spirit somewhere inside of ourselves." President Obama at the memorial for Nelson Mandela
Before we close the books on this chapter of our campaign, will you chip in to be part of it?
This is your chance to get on the phone with President Obama. Join the call right now:
Letter of the week: Wendy wrote to headquarters after the President's jobs speech.
Here s to Lilly Ledbetter, and to all those fighting for women to get equal pay for equal work:
Getting health insurance could be easier than you think. But don't wait enroll by March 31st.
Watch live: VP @JoeBiden lays out the ways President Obama is fighting for middle-class families:
Holding a town hall discussion on jobs in Washington. Listen live at 12pm ET.
Mitt Romney takes from the poor _ and gives to the rich. He s just the opposite of Robin Hood.
"The debate is settled. Climate change is a fact." President Obama #SOTU #ScienceSaysSo
"The issue is not growth versus fiscal responsibility. We need both." President Obama on creating a budget that works
We don t want an inside job in Washington. We want change in Washington. President Obama
2013 was a great year for LGBT rights but there is still work to do. Join the fight:
Want to know how much Senate Republicans' vote not to extend the payroll tax cut will cost you?
President Obama met with some Ohioans who are benefitting from community college job training programs today:
It's long past time to restore economic opportunity to all Americans. Add your name:
"For the 15% of Americans who don't have health insurance, this opportunity is life changing." President Obama on the launch of #Obamacare
FACT: The Chamber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers &amp; 21 House Republicans pushed to extend the wind Production Tax Credit.
This is the time to support the agenda Americans voted for last November donate $5 before midnight:
One year ago today, President Obama signed the repeal of #DADT into law. Progress.
President Obama to Congress: Set aside politics, focus on what really matters, give the middle class #ABetterBargain
Watch live: President Obama holds a joint press conference with the Prime Minister of Japan.
RT @timryan House passes historic reform to provide health care for every American. Congratulating my colleagues on the floor.
President Obama lays out just a few of the ways in which #Obamacare has helped millions of Americans.
President Obama: Under my opponent s plan, who do you think gets the bill for these $250,000 tax cuts? You do!
Read Amy's story: "Obamacare helped me keep my doctor of 27 years"
Having health care is a big deal. Check out your options today:
"It is time. Let's go get it done." President Obama #ActOnReform
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would benefit one-fifth of all working moms.
President Obama: "We shouldn't be making a series of dumb, arbitrary cuts to things ... like education, research and defense." #JobsNotCuts
"I'd like to see them supporting a family making less than $15,000 a year." President Obama to those who question raising the minimum wage
Hosting a backyard discussion about the economy with small-business owners and neighbors in Fairfax, VA. Watch at 2pm ET.
Update: We're now 12,853 away from our goal of 450,000 grassroots donors by midnight tomorrow. Help here:
"Every single connection we make to a voter or supporter matters. For students, we just need to be heard."
Change is _a mom with one less thing to worry about:
Get your #Obama2012 store orders in before Monday to guarantee shipping by Christmas:
Speaking on the economy and taking questions from workers in Buffalo, New York, soon . Listen live: wh.gov/live.
Yesterday, we reached a major milestone in this campaign: 450,000 donors. Now we've got a new goal: 475,000.
FACT: Women pay up to 50% more than men for the same health coverage discrimination that Obamacare bans starting in 2014. #progress
Today is your last chance to vote for the Art Works finalists ask your friends to cast their ballots too:
Supporters have already reached out to nearly 850,000 voters to tell them November 2 matters have you made calls yet?
RT if you agree: Congress should end tax incentives for outsourcers &amp; give a 20% tax credit to firms that move operations back to the US.
"Anyone who believed your voice could make a difference, I want to reaffirm your belief: You made this happen." #DontDoubleMyRate
You now have basic rights and protections when it comes to health insurance thanks to #Obamacare:
RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
"The Reuben is killer." President Obama on @Zingermans in Michigan
RT if you re on Team 21st Century:
It's time to close tax loopholes so all companies play by the same rules. More from @USTreasury Secretary Jack Lew:
Today s Friday Facts looks at why President Obama calls this a make or break moment for the middle class:
"Together, we must give enduring meaning to the words 'Never Again.'" President Obama on Yom HaShoah
Happy #EarthDay2012! Celebrate clean air, clean water, and clean energy by joining Environmentalists for Obama:
FACT: Only 12% of inmates who used a handgun in a crime acquired it from a store which require background checks.
Watch the weekly address: @VP Biden wants people to #GetCovered in the new year.
RT if you agree: Our immigration system should live up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
Tell Congress: Don't leave job seekers #OutInTheCold. Extend unemployment insurance today.
FACT: Renewable electricity generation from wind, solar, and geothermal sources has doubled since President Obama took office. #OFAClimate
President Obama: "Put simply, our health care problem IS our deficit problem. Nothing else even comes close." #hc09
Photo of the day: Getting ready for our first fall fellows training this weekend
"We cannot price the middle class... out of a college education." President Obama #DontDoubleMyRate
Editorial boards are speaking up on the #SCOTUS vacancy. Here's what they're saying:
Up to 17 million kids have pre-existing conditions the Affordable Care Act ensures that they aren t denied coverage:
We measure progress by the success of our people. By the jobs they can find and the quality of life those jobs offer. #SOTU
"Government shouldn't see student loans as a way to make money. They should see it as a way to help students." President Obama
High five.
If you live in Missouri, ask @RoyBlunt to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Colorado Republican reps on Twitter:@RepTipton (CO-03), @repcorygardner( CO-04), @RepMikeCoffman (CO-06)
ICYMI: Watch the full remarks from President Obama's address to the nation tonight.
Show your support for equal pay:
Tonight, let us speak with one voice in reaffirming that our nation is united in support of our troops and their families. #SOTU
FACT: President Obama s plan extends tax cuts for 97% of America's small business owners. #progress
Now that the Senate has passed immigration reform, it's time for the House to take the baton.
See what President Obama is doing to help Americans find good jobs:
President Obama spoke to supporters in Ohio about growing our economy from the middle class out not from the top down:
Let's go: The health care marketplace is open again.
RT if you agree: Congress should make our communities and our kids safer by requiring background checks for all gun sales. #WeDemandAVote
Watch live: The President and First Lady speak at the White House Easter Egg Roll.
#ObamacareInAction for families:
Share your Affordable Care Act story: How has health care reform helped you or someone you know?
Every single day I set foot in the Oval Office, you know I m thinking about you. I m fighting for your families.
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: There are plenty of powerful special interests and their allies in Washington who want to keep things as they are.
The President has a plan to support 325,000 teacher jobs tell Congress it's time to pass it:
A look at how President Obama has honored our sacred trust with veterans:
25 days until middle-class taxes increase if Congress doesn't act:
We ve brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration.
Summer sale: Pick up a tank top for 25% off with the code VOTEOBAMA:
Day seven of the #TeaPartyShutdown. Watch @OFA's new ad and tell @SpeakerBoehner to end this now:
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." President Obama #SOTU
The #TeaPartyShutdown is harming small businesses. Say you've had #EnoughAlready:
Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to #Obamacare.
Happy Inauguration Day! Follow @obamainaugural today for news from on the ground in Washington, from the oath to the parade. #inaug2013
"As a president, as a father, and as an American, I'm here to say: We need to act." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Stay caffeinated and show your support for the campaign with a 2012 coffee tumbler:
Thanks to #Obamacare, fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. More from @nytimes:
Buddies.
The election is in 98 days set up your grassroots fundraising page now to get your friends involved:
Ohio Republican reps on Twitter: @repjimrenacci (OH-16), @repbobgibbs (OH-18) #compromise
We really don t think the best way to strengthen Medicare is to give seniors a voucher. President Obama
This week, we made sure that 98% of Americans &amp; 97% of small businesses won't see their income taxes go up by one dime.
Announced we are opening the DNC acceptance speech to the public. Learn how you could be chosen to go:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry:
RT if you're supporting the candidate in this election who's fighting for the middle class: President Obama.
"People can now get good insurance. People with pre-existing conditions can now afford insurance." President Obama
President Obama: I'm offering a practical, 5-point plan to create jobs and build the middle class."
DEADLINE: For the price of buying your friend a drink pitch in $5 before midnight to help this campaign win:
"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." President Obama #NWHW
This is a year of action: The President is focusing on jobs and infrastructure. Watch him live at 2:05 p.m. CT:
Happy Easter!
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year.
Nobody who works hard should have to struggle to make ends meet. It's time to raise the minimum wage:
It's time. #EqualPayNow
Sarah supports the steps the President is taking to help students afford college.
.@VP Biden on why he supports the Second Amendment and the President's plan to reduce gun violence:
The global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation:
Actual facts show that the Affordable Care Act is good for our economy." President Obama
In April, #Obama2012 raised $43.6 million across committees. Thanks to everyone who pitched in.
POTUS on the GOP: They think if we spend another $5 trillion on tax cuts that favor the wealthiest, the deficit will magically go away.
Just some of the ways President Obama is moving us forward on LGBT rights:
Check this out: More than 500,000 people have signed the #RaiseTheWage petition.
This week s Friday Facts takes a by-the-numbers look at the impact of breast cancer on women in the U.S.
Watch the #SOTU with your community: RSVP for a watch party.
At the Building Trades National Legislative Conference, stating that we need to strengthen the long-term competitiveness of our economy.
FACT: 75% of Americans want to #ActOnClimate to strengthen communities against effects of climate change like flood, drought &amp; fire. (@NRDC)
"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." President Obama
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
12 must-share facts about President Obama s record:
President Obama: I want to export more products and outsource fewer jobs.
American support for marriage equality is at a record high:
If you care about comprehensive #immigration reform, support a grassroots movement fighting to make it happen:
Watch: The band @OKGo announces the first-ever White House Maker Faire.
President Obama is in Decorah, Iowa for a White House town hall. Watch live:
A note from the President, 12 hours into the #AmericaForward tour:
Mitt Romney promised to cut taxes as governor. Then he imposed over 1,000 fee hikes on MA's middle class:
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." President Obama
POTUS answering a question about construction jobs: "I have asked Congress to expand our efforts to rebuild roads and bridges."
When we sacrifice our commitment to education, we re sacrificing our future. We can t let that happen. Our kids deserve better.
The Republican primary is all but over, and this race is on. Are you ready?
It's time to raise the minimum wage for American workers. Let's do this.
Thinking the President s word is not the last word on Iraq.
Facts matter. Stay informed with the @OFA Truth Team:
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. Senators, it's time to #DoYourJob.
Tune in at 7pm ET for the HBCU Obama Student Summit to learn about building this campaign on campus:
President Obama signs the payroll tax cut into law:
If you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you:
"I pledged to take the fight to our enemies, and renew our leadership in the world. As President, that s what I ve done." President Obama
"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." President Obama
Health reform debate moving soon to the full Congress. It's time to be heard. Help OFA reach 100,000 calls on 10/20:
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to American health care workers fighting Ebola.
The election is in 88 days convince a friend to volunteer with you this weekend:
WATCH: President Obama details American operations in Iraq.
Nonpartisan report: Seniors would pay more under Romney s plan to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
You can win a free trip to go backstage and meet President Obama all you have to do is sign up now:
That s a moment I ll tell my children and my grandchildren about. Joe from CO on his evening with two presidents:
Worth a read and a RT: President Obama s plan to reduce gun violence.
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrow pitch in now:
Happy birthday, #16.
Get to know @OFA better: Here are 13 things volunteers did over the past year.
Day two of @SpeakerBoehner's shutdown. Don t put our economy or the American people through this any longer: #EnoughAlready
Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:
Obamacare has helped millions of Americans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. Show your support:
Retweet if you agree with the majority of Americans who support comprehensive immigration reform. #OneYearNoAction
With just 18 days left before summer recess, let Congress know we can't wait for action on jobs:
"Let your congressman know what $2,000 means to you." President Obama in his weekly address:
Don't ghost on your health and well-being your chance to #GetCovered is coming up. Open enrollment starts November _
Here's what getting out the vote looks like (there's still time to get involved!):
Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." President Obama
RT @Obama2012: Get the facts on the President s all-of-the-above approach to American energy:
The #MASen race is in a dead heat. Polls close in 4 hours & every vote is crucial. Make 5 more calls for Martha Coakley:
32 days left in this campaign, and some states are already voting. Register to vote now then pass this link on:
Today's one of your last chances to get an Obama car magnet before Election Day. Pitch in $10 now for yours:
President Obama on Romney's economic game plan: "On second down, he calls an audible and undoes reforms."
The marketplace gave Claire options she didn t know were possible and savings of more than $600 a month:
We need to come together around a budget that sacrifices wasteful spending without sacrificing job-creating investments.
Congress needs to hear support for expanding background checks for gun sales. Add your name to this petition today:
You still have a chance to #BeatTheBuzzer: Enroll now before it's too late.
President Obama: We ve made real progress these past four years. But Wisconsin, we all know our work s not yet done.
"The world has changed and it is demanding action." VP Biden on Newtown
Tune in at 2:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics in Cleveland, Ohio.
Retweet if you're excited to hear what President Obama has to say about #climate change in tomorrow's big speech.
"We come to remember why America and our allies gave so much for the survival of liberty." President Obama on the 70th anniversary of D-Day
"You can let them turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women or you can stand up and say 'I want to move forward.'"
RT if you agree: Romney must withdraw his support of Mourdock who'd force rape victims to bear an attacker's child as "God intended."
Remember when insurance companies denied people for completely random reasons?
Romney refuses to withdraw support for Richard Mourdock who claims pregnancies from rape are "something God intended."
The typical family could see its income taxes go up $2,200 if Congress doesn't act. What does #My2K mean to you?
"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates
Here's how the #shutdown is hurting every single state:
LIVE: President Obama speaks to @USMayors at the #USCMWinter2014 conference.
Of the additional 3.4 million students who have received Pell Grants since the President took office, approximately 2.3 million are women.
RT this if you re registered and ready to vote so your friends will be ready, too:
President Obama signed the JOBS Act today to make it easier for small businesses to get the financing they need:
FACT: Since 1968, more Americans have died from gun violence than in all of America's wars combined. #DemandAction,
Obama: We imagine a better America, and then we work hard to make it happen. That s who we are. That s why I m asking for your vote.
Today s Senate vote on tax cuts is a substantial victory for middle-class families across the country and I urge the House to act quickly.
The President talks ground game with neighborhood team leaders in Davenport, Iowa:
ICYMI: #ActionAugust is in full swing and @OFA supporters are making their voices heard.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about clean energy and the economy in Iowa.
Hear how these couples describe what marriage has meant to them:
Yesterday the Senate voted to renew unemployment insurance, but there's still more work to do. See how you can help:
Nothing would be more detrimental to our prospects for economic success than cutting back on education.
"'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once said and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." President Obama
Closing out the first night of the convention, @MichelleObama had the audience members in Charlotte on their feet:
It s a big day in Iowa follow @OFA_IA for updates from the incredible team of organizers and volunteers on the ground there.
Tune in at 3:05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change:
#DinnerwithBarack just became Dinner with Barack, Ken, Casey, Wendi, and Juanita:
"The views expressed were offensive. Rape is rape." President Obama on Rep. Todd Akin's comments
ICYMI: President Obama wants your internet to move faster.
"If all of you are fighting alongside me every single day _ then we're going to make America better than ever." President Obama
D j vu? If Congress doesn't act by 7/1, interest rates on 7 million new student loans will increase by nearly $1K. #DontDoubleMyRate
It s just like a field office only you can access it anytime, anywhere. Join Dashboard:
Congress has just 20 days before its summer recess to take action on the President's jobs plan:
Ratifying a treaty like START isn t about winning a political victory. It s about the safety and security of the U.S.
"I want to see more products sold around the world stamped with three proud words: 'Made in America.'" -President Obama
Kristel and Lisa were first in line at 4:00am this morning for today s #Obama2012 rally in Richmond:
Tomorrow the President will honor the March on Washington's 50th anniversary from the Lincoln Memorial:
Stand with the President: Tell Gov. Romney and the Senate GOP that women shouldn't be paid less for the same job.
Romney's promising big change today, but his plan would bring back the same failed policies that crashed our economy:
Here are eight ways #Obamacare has proved the critics wrong:
Tele-town hall with AARP on health insurance reform today. Listen live at 1:30pm ET:
"Michelle and I are overjoyed for all the committed couples in Illinois whose love will now be as legal as ours." President Obama
Time's running out to #GetCovered before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options:
Will you weigh in on #Obamacare?
It's time for the House of Representatives to take action on immigration reform. #Ready4Reform
Kate recalls #Nov4: "Standing in silence in a room full of campaign workers watching the acceptance speech, thinking anything is possible."
"I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama
Along with sharing tips for how to do grassroots fundraising this month, we'll also be sharing reasons to give:
"But the divide between this city and the rest of the country is at least as bad and it seems to get worse every year."
While making progress, today we renew our commitment to ensuring that women receive equal pay for equal work.
"Congress can prevent [middle class tax hikes] from happening if they act right now." President Obama
It's that time of year. Check out the Presidential Bracket.
Only two months on the job, the new Congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown. #EnoughAlready
"I'm going to do what I can to make the system work better." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
President Obama's number one priority for the rest of his presidency? #ABetterBargain for the middle class.
Babies for Obama:
FACT: Paul Ryan voted against repealing the discriminatory policy of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell."
Here are some #Obama2012 staff picks for the best of the last year:
Romney's buyout firm loaded up a century-old steel mill with more than $300 million in debt forcing it to shut down. #RomneyEconomics
Even bigger news as of today, 982,967 people have given to this campaign. Be a part of the first million:
Today nearly every GOP senator voted to make more than 7 million students pay an average of up to $1,000 more for college loans.
The First Lady addressing the crowd:
Be Michelle's VIP guest at the convention:
RT if you agree: All our kids deserve a vote to reduce gun violence and #NowIsTheTime for Congress to act.
FACT: Governor Romney increased Massachusetts long-term debt by $2.6 billion.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
President Obama on the fiscal cliff: "The hour for immediate action is here. It is now."
Now's the perfect time to commit to volunteer for #Obama2012 as we build our organization across the country:
Go behind the lens with @PeteSouza's photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to Alaska.
Pass it on: President Obama has a special video for you. Watch now and RSVP to tune in to his speech later today.
Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now:
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama thanks American men and women in uniform.
President Obama kept his word to reform student loans and improve K-12 standards. How have these changes helped you?
President Obama in Virginia: Today I believe that as a nation, we re moving forward again.
"'If you can imagine it, then you can do it' ... That's a pretty good motto for America." President Obama #NationOfMakers
Election-year flair on display in Cleveland:
It's not too late find out how to be covered on February 1st:
Vice President @JoeBiden talks #My2K:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney.
Read and RT: what you (and your friends) need to know about Paul Ryan.
Maya Angelou: Every voice is equally powerful. Don't underestimate your vote. Voting is the great equalizer.
Tennessee Republican reps on Twitter: @drphilroe (TN-1), @repchuck (TN-3), @desjarlaistn04 (TN-4)
In Fort Collins, CO. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
About to address the nation on tonight's historic vote. Watch live:
LAST CALL: Chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement.
Who wears it better? #TBT
Help write the next chapter of this movement be a part of the conversation over inauguration weekend:
Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action:
President Obama needs your help in reducing carbon pollution:
POTUS: We don t just need to bring automaking back. We can bring manufacturing back to America.
"Rights that women felt were settled for nearly a generation have suddenly become contested again."
Part one of the President's clean energy plan: reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Can you volunteer during the days leading up to Election Day to help get out the vote?
Last chance to share a meal with the President before the election you can even bring a guest:
Retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to America's future. #GoSolar
The President and First Lady deliver remarks at Joint Base Langley-Eustis in Hampton, Virginia. Watch live:
FACT: 6.6 million guns were transferred in the U.S. last year without a background check. #WeDemandAVote,
I just wanted to be part of helping a man who has my interests in mind, even though my financial help may be small.
"As long as I m President, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." President Obama
President Obama: If you're working hard, you should be able to get a job that pays well and look after your family. #ReadyToWork
President Obama speaks about the American Jobs Act in Columbus, Ohio. Watch live:
It's been 53 straight months of private sector job growth that's the longest streak on record. #ActOnJobs
"Together our voices are powerful enough to make Congress act." Ronnie, whose friend Greg died by gunfire in Chicago.
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses new proposals to curb carbon pollution from existing power plants.
"I urge Congress to follow Minnesota s lead, raise the federal minimum wage, and lift wages for 28 million Americans." President Obama
President Obama on Senate Republicans' decision to block a vote to confirm Richard Cordray as @CFPB director:
Add your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air:
"Thanks to the hard working resilience of Americans ... our economy has been growing for a number of years now." President Obama
Show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland:
Something to look forward to this fall: A new way to get affordable health care coverage. Check it out:
Last night, the President talked about women as breadwinners. Romney talked about them as resumes in binders.
"Here's the sad part: Rebuilding America that shouldn't be a partisan issue." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
These businesses wanted their employees to be fairly compensated. So they took action. #RaiseTheWage
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal lands a step forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
RT @DHSJournal: Find a shelter: Text SHELTER + your ZIP code to 43362. Pass this msg via text to friends/family impacted. #Irene
The #PatientsBillofRights prevents insurance companies from canceling policies when the beneficiaries become sick.
"Everybody gets sick." Check out what President Obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave:
Months after the Senate passed bipartisan legislation, our #immigration system remains broken. This must change:
On behalf of a grateful nation, I m proud to say these two words, and I know your families agree: Welcome home.
Just two guys hanging out backstage:
Joining Chris Dodd, Chair of Senate Banking Committee, to address the housing crisis that is affecting millions of American families.
Watch all the action from the final day of #DNC2012 live:
Tell Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform for families, and for our economy:
At 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago:
"Asking a billionaire to pay at least the same tax rate as his secretary is just common sense."
President Obama: "Change is finally turning the page on a decade of war to do some nation-building here at home."
Join the fight to help folks struggling to get by on the minimum wage:
"You can make it here in America if you're trying hard. That's what a college education can be all about." President Obama #ABetterBargain
If one of the 400 highest income earners paid a fair tax rate, more than 300 teachers could stay in the classroom. #BuffettRule
President Obama in Iowa: "It's good to be back. Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?"
Check out @VP Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans continued obstruction.
.@OFA will deliver this petition to Congress demanding common-sense gun violence prevention. Add your name now:
One year after Congress passed the #RecoveryAct there is still work to do, but we're on the road to recovery:
Supporters in Cleveland got fired up with the Red Hot Chili Peppers over the weekend:
President Obama is investing in a more sustainable future. #ActOnClimate
With this Supreme Court decision, we're facing no less than a potential corporate takeover of our elections. Watch:
"I wish Muslims across America &amp; around the world a month blessed with the joys of family, peace &amp; understanding." President Obama #Ramadan
Your vote is your voice it's time to speak up:
President Obama on #Obamacare: It provides a true patient s bill of rights.
"We have to make our economy work for every working American." President Obama #AmericaLeads
This election could come down to just a few thousand votes, and yours could make all the difference:
Yesterday, GM announced record profits another milestone for a rebounding manufacturing sector:
These people agree: It's long past time for Congress to raise the federal minimum wage.
Some representatives in the House say they'll shut down the government unless #Obamacare is defunded. #EnoughAlready:
17.6 million Americans have gained coverage under #Obamacare that s a BFD.
"The time has arrived for action." President Harry Truman on the need for health reform. Add your name to history:
"Vermonters sent him to Washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." President Obama on Senator James Jeffords' passing
If you missed Air Force One rolling up to President Obama's final tour stop in Cleveland, it was pretty epic:
"You can give America the shaft, or you can give it a raise." President Obama to Congress on the upcoming vote to #RaiseTheWage
Millions of small businesses are eligible for a tax credit to help pay for health care premiums #ACA covers 50% of costs starting in 2014.
Speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for all.
"The story of America is a story of progress." President Obama #AmericaLeads
It is clear that America s immigration system is broken." Jon Carson on @OFA's push to pass #ImmigrationReform:
"The disagreement I have with Gov. Romney is that... he has often talked as if we should take premature military action." President Obama
"When you come together, you become more powerful than anybody who's writing a $10 million check." President Obama in Iowa
42 days out from the election, it's National Voter Registration Day. Register in less than 5 minutes, right now:
"If we come together ... I am confident we will succeed." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #RaiseTheWage
President Obama explains why the #TPP is good for American workers and the middle class:
Get the facts on the #ACA and contraception coverage:
"Why I support Obama" one person's list:
FACT: Paul Ryan would end Medicare as we know it by turning it into a voucher program, costing seniors up to $6,350 a year.
POTUS on Romney: "On third down, he calls for a hail Mary ending Medicare as we know it by giving seniors a voucher."
Yesterday, President Obama expedited 7 solar and wind projects that will generate enough power for 1.5 million homes:
FACT: #TheRealRomney has been promising a $5 trillion tax cut that would mean raising taxes on the middle class.
WATCH: President Obama is urging the @FCC to protect #NetNeutrality and treat all internet traffic equally.
Yesterday s election shows discontent with the pace of change a frustration I share. We must move forward and keep working together.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on American energy in Nashua, New Hampshire.
Share what $2,000 means to you:
Retweet if you agree the House of Representatives should bring comprehensive #immigration reform to a vote. #ActOnReform
Have you set up your #Obama2012 grassroots fundraising page? Get started here:
Asking you to help in these last few critical days of our campaign for change. Visit
"Let's get to work. Let's get this done." President Obama #RenewUI
The story of Mitt Romney's business decisions, as told by the people who suffered the consequences:
Celebrate the holiday season with the ones you love and make sure they #GetCovered:
We, the people, declare today that the most evident of truths that all of us are created equal is the star that guides us still.
#dontwait to make your voice heard.
POTUS: In America, higher education cannot be a luxury; it s an economic necessity that every family should be able to afford.
Welcome the change in seasons with the super-soft #Obama2012 hoodie:
The White House on #SOPA: protect intellectual property, but don't threaten an open internet.
President Obama and Jimmy Fallon slow-jam the news:
2015 has been a great year for progress but there's still more work to do.
Read a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind.
"I'd like to see them act more boldly than they are." President Obama re: Congress and #CollegeOpportunity
"As they come home, we must serve them as well as they've served us." #SOTU
ICYMI: Check out the full video from the #ObamaTownHall on equal pay, child care, and more.
The first primary and caucus of 2012 are coming up fast. Follow @OFA_NH and @OFA_IA for updates from our #firstinthenation states. #FF
"If we can work together, I promise you there is no holding America back." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
I called a woman in WI with the online tool, learned that she had just voted for Barack, and we shared a big Hallelujah! Creighton, CA
Well said, @JoeBiden:
Economic growth in the second quarter was even stronger than originally estimated:
Volunteers across the country are making a difference at phone banks right now. Find one near you:
"As members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations. President Obama #IranDeal
Obama: "If you want to buy a gun whether from a licensed dealer or a private seller you should at least have to pass a background check."
"I m here today because the time has come for common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform." President Obama #immigrationreform
.@saramvalentine: Mitt says we don't need any more teachers. Obama says future depends on recruiting army of teachers. Very big difference.
"The United States is home to 5% of the world s population, but 25% of the world s prisoners." President Obama
Today I signed a bill to improve health care services for veterans. Our commitment to those in uniform doesn't end when they return home.
If you agree that higher education is an economic necessity not a luxury add your name:
Arrr you in?
Watch the weekly address: The President discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system.
This week, President Obama took the American Jobs Act on the road:
President Obama: "Governor Romney s experience has been in owning companies that were called 'pioneers' of outsourcing."
Lions and Tiggers and bears! Oh my! #HappyHalloween
"Their actions helped set an example for a generation." President Obama on the brave men and women who marched on Bloody Sunday in 1955
2.2 million volunteers, nearly 1.8 million voters registered, and more on this campaign by the numbers:
For just $123 a month, Phil and his family of five are covered.
#DinnerWithBarack just became #DinnerWithBarackAndJoe. Throw your name in the hat to go:
If you do one thing today: Follow @TruthTeam2012 to get the facts and fight the smears.
Women deserve a #FairShot in all 50 states. Read @AmProg's report on how each state ranks:
Congratulations to volunteers across the country on your great work today shout-out to @OFA_OH for voting #NoOn2 and protecting OH workers.
Share this if you agree: We can t afford a president with #Romnesia in the Oval Office.
See @OFA's list of representatives that need to #ActOnReform now:
President Obama on the GOP: "They don t have a plan to create jobs. They don t have a plan to grow the middle class. I ve got that plan."
"These ideas are not about ideology the reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." President Obama
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. #DoYourJob
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, women won't have to pay out-of-pocket costs for contraception as of Aug. 1.
Yesterday Mitt Romney wondered why a young person would vote #Obama2012. A lot of people stepped up to enlighten him:
"Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the people of the Philippines." President Obama. Here's how to help:
Judge Garland has impeccable credentials he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate. #DoYourJob
"Above all, our freedom endures because of the men and women in uniform who defend it."
"Middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." President Obama #SOTU
Obama: "I know this is not the first time this country has debated how to reduce gun violence. But this time is different." #NowIsTheTime
Watch the first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously" for free online:
Want your voice to be heard? That's what @OFA is all about:
Sign this letter to Congress tell them to never let an extreme minority derail our progress again:
LIVE: Celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the National Christmas Tree lighting at the @WhiteHouse.
Millions of Americans with private insurance are getting rebates thanks to #Obamacare.
This week's Friday Facts take a look at how the American Jobs Act supports teachers:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Minneapolis about his plan to reduce gun violence.
"Obamacare" and "repeal" are tied for most mentions at the second commercial break. How are your predictions holding up? #DebateWatch
A comprehensive look at how Mitt Romney failed to create jobs and protect the middle class in Massachusetts:
See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change:
You heard the President. So here's what we're doing: throughout the day we'll post the Twitter handles of GOP lawmakers in each state.
Met w/ our nation's governors yesterday and outlined new steps to better prepare our children for college and the workplace:
Working hard in America shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. #LeadOnLeave
Coffee: _ Fall sweater: _ Meeting the President: ? Enter before #NationalCoffeeDay ends:
"If Selma taught us anything, it s that our work is never done." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
Our journey is not complete until no citizen is forced to wait for hours to exercise the right to vote.
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance for being women. There's more to do:
"If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Hope is found in what works. This works. If you re looking for a good bang for your educational buck this is it. Obama on expanding Pre-K
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible budget.
From safer schools to ending #DADT, take a look at three years of progress for LGBT Americans:
FACT: Romney would defund Planned Parenthood, which millions of women rely on for health services like birth control and cancer screenings.
Add your name if you support the President's historic agreement with China on climate change:
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater:
Spencer, a supporter in Michigan: "We need him to take us forward ... but we've got to help him get there."
Each of the Big Three automakers is turning a profit for the first time since 2004.
Retweet if you support cutting dangerous carbon pollution.
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the @OFA Truth Team:
"Gov. Romney said it was 'tragic' to end the war in Iraq. I disagree. I think it was the right thing to do." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, discussing his #ImmigrationAction. Watch here:
A favorite #Obama2012 rally moment: "Stop settling for what the cynics say we have to accept."
President Obama speaks about using trade agreements and key components of his jobs plan to put America back to work:
"Both parties working together to get the job done that's what we need in Washington." President Obama on #Obamacare
Go behind the scenes as Elizabeth Warren is named to lead the launch of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
We, the people, still believe that enduring security and lasting peace do not require perpetual war.
"There's too much to do, and America does not believe in standing still." President Obama
Watch live: President Obama holds a news conference at the White House.
The dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
FACT: States that have opted out of Medicaid expansion are denying health care to 5.4 million people. Time to put #PeopleOverPolitics.
"I have been ever grateful to my teacher who was like an angel to me. Iva
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
The economy added 173,000 jobs in August a record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
"The way we got to this point was one thing and one thing only: Republican obsession with dismantling Obamacare." President Obama
Check out highlights of yesterday's National Day of Action to reduce gun violence then tell Congress #WeDemandAVote:
"I try every day to be for Michelle and my girls what my father was not for my mother and me." President Obama
"I'm only here because this country gave me a chance through education." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Pres. Obama: "Health care _ is subject to a lot of misinformation. That's why your work is so important" #hc09
Forward, Florida:
Join the @MarchforInnov to let Congress know that you support #ImmigrationReform to fuel American innovation:
Tell Congress we need smart #immigration reform to attract &amp; keep talent in the US. Add your voice here:
"The typical CEO who used to earn about 30 times more than his or her worker now earns 110 times more." President Obama
"It's good for the economy. It's good for America." President Obama on raising the minimum wage #SOTU
VP Biden: We're on a mission to move this nation forward to promise and prosperity. A mission we will complete.
Our economy has created 2.65 million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late 1990s.
RT @OFA_IA: And people keep on coming in! Iowa sure is #FiredUp for #obamadsm.
Find a plan that works for you and your budget:
Watch: Last night, President Obama sat in for @StephenAtHome during "The Word".
President Obama: "Those ads taking my words about small business out of context they're flat out wrong.
FACT: #TheRealRomney s plan would turn Medicare into a voucher system, increasing out-of-pocket costs for retirees by $6,000 a year.
LIVE: The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students.
POTUS: When we got married, we got poorer together. We paid more for our student loans than we paid on our mortgage each month.
New federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support:
President Obama's latest commitment shows momentum and U.S. leadership in the global fight against climate change:
The connection that I see between small businesses and the middle class really is that they re one and the same.
FACT: Thanks to President Obama, same-sex couples have equal visitation rights at nearly every hospital in America. #progress
"Quality care is not something that should be a privilege. It should be a right." President Obama on #Obamacare #AffordableCareAct
I can t even describe how we felt. Joan on her son s return from Iraq in 2009:
"We will beat the odds. We need to give every child ... the chance to reach their full potential." President Obama #MyBrothersKeeper
"We'll make sure that opportunity for all is something that was made in the USA." President Obama #ActOnJobs
America Forward tour high-five count: 1 (so far).
RT @Vets4Obama: Today is National PTSD Awareness Day. Visit the National Center for PTSD at
"Health care costs have grown at the slowest rate in 50 years. We are bending the cost curve." President Obama #CGI2013
"The idea of setting higher pollution standards for our power plants is not new." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"The fact is we could be much further along ... if Congress would do the job that the people sent them here to do." President Obama
On #ImmigrationReform, nobody will get everything they want. "The bill before the Senate isn t perfect. It s a compromise." President Obama
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "Teach your parents how to tweet. And use the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate. Don t double it."
We did it! Over 700,000 grassroots donations this week thank you!
FACT: Under President Obama, foreign oil imports have fallen to a 20-year low. #OFAClimate
Retweet if you believe in #PreKForAll. The smartest investment we can make as a nation is in our children.
FACT: Romney invested in a Chinese firm after learning it would not be subject to taxes in the United States.
President Obama: "Because of this agreement, every working American will keep his or her tax cut about $1,000 for the average family."
Want to throw your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarack? Deadline is midnight tonight, so don t wait.
OFA Campaign Manager Jim Messina on why @BarackObama "clearly won tonight's debate":
President Obama to teachers: "Thank you for what you re giving our children and what you re giving our nation." #HappyTeacherAppreciationDay
We ve got to keep fighting for every job, for every new business, for every opportunity to get this economy moving.
Your choice: Pick your favorite magnet and get it for $10.
It s Friday give Barack five:
The President spoke this morning about his proposed reforms for leaner, smarter government:
"I'm announcing 19 new executive actions to improve mental health care for those American heroes and their families." President Obama
Because of Obamacare, insurance companies will no longer be able to charge women more than men for the same coverage. #GoObamacare
We are a nation of immigrants. Let's honor the #AmericanStory by fixing our broken immigration system.
It's a big moment: 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of this movement. Thank you.
The Romney-Ryan jobs plan could create 73,000 jobs in China:
President Obama on Mitt Romney: When he s asked about the cost of his new tax plan, he just pretends it doesn't exist.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe:
This is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to #ActOnClimate:
Just one week left to toss your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarack:
POTUS: The reason I got into politics was because this country has blessed me so much.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about his plan to crack down on price manipulation in the oil market.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the United Auto Workers conference.
Sending condolences to the people of Japan, particularly those who lost loved ones in the earthquake & tsunamis. U.S. stands ready to help.
"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." President Obama
Show your support for #Obama2012 wherever you go with our car magnet:
Climate change is real #ScienceSaysSo. Call out #climate deniers on Twitter using this @OFA site:
"We will reform and strengthen Medicare, but we ll do it by reducing the cost of health care not by asking seniors to pay thousands more."
Help build support for the Senate's historic health reform bill. Write a letter to the editor of your local paper:
Watch live: President Obama joins a Google+ Hangout and answers the questions you submitted on YouTube.
Six years ago, the President signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act but the fight for equal pay is far from over.
"Climate change and especially rising seas is a threat to our homeland security." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Thanks to the thousands of people who went to an #OFA Health Care Organizing Kickoff last weekend. Watch the video:
DEADLINE: Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1.
Held a town hall event at Earl Wooster High School in Reno, NV earlier today. Watch it at:
In Kissimmee, FL. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally with President Bill Clinton. Watch it live:
This West Wing Week, take a look back over the past year:
Dispel misinformation with facts from the @OFA Truth Team.
"With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
On June 5, OFA will kick off a grassroots campaign to re-engage 2008's first-time voters this November. Host an event:
Great news: Today, the @FCC voted in favor of a free and open internet.
Only 6 Saturdays left before Election Day. Bring a friend to a weekend of action event near you:
Tomorrow OFA supporters will gather across the country to watch the State of the Union. Sign up for a #WatchParty near you
Table for four: Kimberly, Mario, and Joe at #DinnerWithBarack in D.C. tonight.
"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Kathy recalls #Nov4 2008: "People danced; people sang. I had a feeling that the country had somehow changed in one evening."
1.1 million auto jobs saved. #Forward2012
POTUS on Obamacare: "I care about the 6.5 million young people who can now stay on their parents plan because of this law."
Boss hug:
It's time to get serious and #ActOnClimate.
President Obama on #VAWA: "One of the great legacies of this law is that it didn't just change the rules it changed our culture."
Watch live: President Obama honors the Super Bowl champion New York Giants at the White House.
Smart #ImmigrationReform will retain talent and help promising foreign graduate students stay in the U.S. Read more:
RT @OFA_NV Thanks to @KalPenn for everything. The #UNLV #NVsummit was a tremendous success for #Obama2012
We're closer than ever to #immigration reform. Add your voice and tell the House it's time:
These moms want you to #GetCoveredNow:
President Obama announces a new proposal to help struggling homeowners refinance their mortgages. Watch live:
Ice cream break:
"Washington may chase whatever story they think may get attention, but to me the only story that matters is your story." President Obama
Ready to make 2014 a year of action? Say you're in:
.@atrudel: Need to keep public pressure on GOP to stop playing games with lives of young Americans. -Axe
There's still time to #GetCovered but hurry:
"In a country where we expect free Wi-Fi with our coffee, we should definitely demand it in our schools." President Obama #ConnectEd
Determined as ever to reduce gun violence. #NowIsTheTime,
FACT: Last night, Romney confirmed that he opposes asking the very wealthy for a single dollar in new revenue to reduce the deficit.
#Immigration reform is a bipartisan issue, something we can all get behind. Add your name today:
If you've tweeted your members of Congress about the American Jobs Act today, what have you heard back? #passthebill
President Obama on Romney: He said it was tragic to end the war in Iraq. He said we should have left troops on the ground in Iraq.
Watch the weekly address: With or without Congress, the President won't stop fighting for working Americans.
Part of moving forward is returning to values that built this country responsibility for ourselves and for one another.
"We might not face the same dangers of 1963, but the fierce urgency of now remains." President Obama #MLKDream50
VIDEO: Welcoming home our veterans.
In Iowa and heading to today's NPR/Iowa Public Radio Presidential Debate. Watch it live at 2pm ET by visiting
Watch live: President Obama awards U.S. Army Specialist Leslie H. Sabo, Jr. the Medal of Honor.
Best wishes to all those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season.
This week, President Obama announced a bipartisan debt agreement and set a historic fuel efficiency standard:
Don't you wish every day was Take Your Dog to Work Day?
President Obama: "We need to fix a broken immigration system."
This is what #1010Means.
Obama: These cuts "will weaken America s economic recovery, our military readiness, and the basic services the American people depend on."
Hoy, celebramos el lanzamiento de Latinos for Obama. S _guenos en @LatinosforObama, y explora nuestra p gina:
Lights, turkeys, trees and decorations this holiday season, #GetTalking with a loved one about health care:
"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." President Obama
Romney s economic record: outsourcing American jobs and investing overseas.
The Portsmouth Herald (NH): We trust President Obama to fight for the middle class.
In America, helping those who have fallen on tough times isn't a tough call.
RT @TheDemocrats: The #EqualPay Wall of Shame:
"I thought: 'Well, I m for the common man, too sounds like I m a Democrat.'
"There really were times when I forgot that I was talking to the President and First Lady."
It s time to hold the big banks accountable to the people they serve. Show your support for Wall Street reform:
Brush up on your small talk: Make the pledge to be entered for a chance to meet the President.
A big problem right now:
RT if you agree: It's time to keep cutting our dependence on foreign oil, invest in clean energy, and reduce carbon pollution. #OFAClimate
RT @thejointstaff Stand by what I said: Allowing homosexuals to serve openly is the right thing to do. Comes down to integrity.
Congress is back home you have their ear. Retweet to tell them #StandWithOurFuture on #immigration reform.
FACT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales are made by private sellers who aren't required to conduct a background check. #WeDemandAVote
"Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and I and of course Bo want to wish you all a merry Christmas and happy holidays."
All across the country tonight, people will #StandWithWomen. Read about @OFA's new initiative:
"As the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million Americans have gained coverage so far." President Obama
"Our tears are not enough." President Obama stresses the need for gun violence prevention at today's memorial for the #NavyYardShooting
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee. #DoYourJob
"I am always going to keep listening and I am always going to keep fighting." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"It's the right thing to do." President Obama on expanding Medicaid in every state #Obamacare
Every GOP senator just voted against helping women get #EqualPay for equal work.
54.5 mpg by 2025: The single most important step we ve ever taken to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
"With enough determination and persistence, the American people will ultimately win out." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
An average donation of $37 with more than 400,000 donors this is a real grassroots movement:
Have you checked out our new #Obama2012 water bottles?
Don't miss @TheDemocrats' picks for the top 10 greatest GOP moments of 2011:
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement.
At a time when America is just starting to move forward again, we can t afford do-nothing policies & partisan maneuvering.
"We should be working on comprehensive immigration reform right now." #SOTU
FACT: Paul Ryan would cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students even as he gives tax cuts to the wealthy.
In Billings, MT. Holding a discussion on "Securing America's Future." Watch it live at
Retweet if you believe Congress should finish the job on #immigration reform. #TakeItToTheHouse
11 on the field, more than 300 million cheering them on. #WorldCup #USMNT
You have the chance to set the direction of this country. That's why you're knocking on doors & making phone calls today.
This is why I'm here, and why I'm fighting so hard for health reform:
POTUS: I m betting you re not going to lose interest. I m betting you re not going to lose heart. I still believe in you.
We all need to speak up for Congress to take action. Use #WeDemandAVote to share why it's time to reduce gun violence and protect our kids.
As Americans gather for Thanksgiving, let us rejoice in the abundance that graces our tables and in the loved ones who enrich our lives.
President Obama: Trust matters. You want to know that whoever s in the Oval Office is going to fight for you.
More than 1 million young women have gained health coverage thanks to the #ACA 13 million more will be covered by 2016:
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaper the #SwitchToClean energy is happening.
"One of the best ways to create more new jobs is to boost American manufacturing." President Obama #NationOfMakers
.@HHSGov chief technology officer Todd Park and @CraigNewmark are hosting a Twitter chat about HealthCare.gov at @HealthCareGov now.
President Obama: "When Gov. Romney said we should just let Detroit go bankrupt, we said thanks but no thanks." #MadeInAmerica
President Obama: For all you moms and kids out there, don t worry someone is finally getting tough on Big Bird. Elmo, too.
LIVE: The President is taking action to protect LGBT employees from workplace discrimination.
Alaska voters: Tweet @lisamurkowski and ask her to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
Share why your family can't afford severe spending cuts to vital services for kids and seniors:
President Obama takes a minute to confer with a supporter after a rally with @OFA_VA:
"We have come farther and recovered faster, thanks to you, than just about any other nation on Earth." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Retweet if you agree it's time to raise the minimum wage.
You have #14DaysLeft to join your friends and get covered. Don't be left out:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the State of the Union to Congress. Watch here:
In 08, 47% of the country didn t vote for me but I said to all those Americans, I may not have won your vote, but I hear your voices.
"I love you back."
Our new #Obama2012 coasters let you have drinks with President Obama and @VP Biden anytime you want:
President Obama on preventing student loan interest rates from doubling: "This is a no-brainer."
Last year, the U.S. relied less on foreign oil than at any time since 1995. #EarthDay2012
Workers lost out, and Romney and his partners didn't because they were playing by two sets of rules.
Because #DACAworks, hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the American dream.
Tell Congress that now is no time to raise taxes on middle-class families:
If you re standing with the President, we ve got a free sticker for you:
Read what @VP Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act:
Campaign Manager Jim Messina on what you need to know right now about Romney's VP pick, Paul Ryan:
Take this quick, one question survey: Tell @OFA what you're excited to hear in the #SOTU tomorrow.
President Obama: "He s conveniently forgetting what his own positions are ... We need a name for this condition let s call it #Romnesia.
Today, America celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy #LaborDay.
"Obamacare s Best Week Yet Brings 1 Million New Sign-Ups" More from @business:
Tomorrow, help #OFA generate 100,000 calls to Congress. Find a call party near you:
Watch how #immigration reform is good for our country and economy:
No one's invincible and @OFA supporters are letting people know to #GetCoveredNow:
If Congress doesn t act, more than 7 million students will pay double the interest on their student loans starting July 1. #DontDoubleMyRate
Every woman in America should see this video:
Will you stand with President Obama in the fight against #climate change? Tune in on Tuesday:
Virginia Republican reps on Twitter: @gopleader (VA-7), @repgoodlatte (VA-6), @reproberthurt (VA-5) #compromise
Make sure to check this off your list:
President Obama is working to rebuild America s schools and keep teachers in the classroom. Show your support:
"America is coming back. And I want to go full speed ahead." President Obama
According to a recent poll, a clear majority of Americans don't want federal #Obamacare subsidies rolled back:
RT if you agree: We should never cut vital services for middle-class families before closing tax loopholes for millionaires &amp; corporations.
"We're going to double the distance our cars and light trucks can go on a gallon of gas by 2025." President Obama
"When the economy is working for the middle class families, it solves an awful lot of other problems." President Obama #ABetterBargain
"I stand by what I said, whatever it was."
The last thing we should do is turn back now. A piece of advice from a familiar voice:
The perfect t-shirt for 44 days out from the election, and the 43 days to follow:
FACT: Nearly 40% of U.S. gun sales are made by private, unlicensed sellers, whose buyers aren't required to pass a federal background check.
Take some time right now to add your name to this minimum wage petition:
"We can t afford to jeopardize our future by repeating the mistakes of the past." President Obama
President Obama: "We need to keep investing in scientific research. We need to maintain our edge." #MadeInAmerica
Start the new year off right:
Pres. Obama: "We're going to have a lot of work to do. I'm grateful that you're willing to do it." #hc09
FACT: President Obama kept his promise to end the war in Iraq. Romney called the decision to bring our troops home tragic.
It's time to get real about climate change starting with the @EPA's plan to cut carbon pollution:
In Washington DC, talking about reforming America s tax code so that it works for the middle class. Visit www.barackobama.com for details.
"More young people have been earning college degrees than ever before. That's something we should be proud of." President Obama
Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the #IranDeal.
The clock's ticking down: 51 days left for Congress to act on the president's plan to create a million new jobs.
Addressing the College Democrats of America at their national convention in Columbia, SC.
Retweet if you agree that when women succeed, America succeeds. #FairFutureNow
Take a moment to thank those who fought for Wall St. reform. We are proud to stand with them in the fight for change.
RT if you stand with same-sex couples around the country fighting for the right to marry who they love.
In Iowa - campaigning in Spencer, Storm Lake, Cherokee, Le Mars, and Sioux City. More info at
To be the first to know real #ObamaCampaignEmailSubjectLines, sign up here:
President Obama spoke yesterday about why we've got to support equal opportunity for all Americans. Stand with him:
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans including our two daughters." President Obama on Pat Summitt
"I believe in change because I believe in you." President Obama #SOTU
In Detroit, MI. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
Let s show Washington one more time that change doesn t come from the top. Change happens because of you.
Only 8 days until Election Day. Time to step up and call voters in key states:
Add your name to be a part of the history of health reform:
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 54 million Americans got free preventive care in 2011:
WATCH: President Obama is calling for fair tax rates for corporations.
Enrollment ends on March 31. See how affordable health care could be for you:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
RT @OFA_OH It's time to #PledgeToReg! The students are getting their cards to take to their campus. #GreaterTogether
"Ask your representative in Congress: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour?" President Obama #RaiseTheWage
What are you most excited to hear the President discuss on Tuesday? Share with @OFA:
RT @ruthgreenwood: Brilliant and inspiring!!! // The Road We've Traveled Official Trailer - Obama for America 2012:
"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" President Obama
"The evidence is overwhelming, the science is clear, and the threat from climate change is real and urgent." @ErnestMoniz #ScienceSaysSo
FACT: #TeamObamaBiden kept their promise to end the Iraq war. Romney &amp; Ryan would have left troops there indefinitely:
The President discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with @BuzzFeed:
Today, the Obama administration filed a case with the WTO challenging China s illegal export subsidies of auto parts:
FACT: Romney claims we need great teachers, but his budget plan could lead to teacher layoffs:
49 days left to win this thing: Pitch in $5 now to help re-elect a President who s fighting for all Americans.
Photo of the day: The President, a young scientist, and a marshmallow cannon.
After last night's Vegas event, the President took a minute to share his thoughts on day one of his 48-hour trip:
In ways big and small, we are ushering in a new era of open and accountable government.
Find a free screening of @TheDreamIsNow and get to know the DREAMers fighting for #ImmigrationReform:
President Obama says we need #ABetterBargain "to give every American the chance to get ahead in the 21st century."
Tune in at 2:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse.
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" President Obama #SOTU
Add your name if you agree it's time for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence in America.
"We can have the courage to change. The March on Washington teaches us that we are not trapped by the mistakes of history." President Obama
RT @OFA_CA: In love with your Cup of Joe or #Obama2012 hoodie? Send us photos of you rocking your gear.
Start 2014 off the right way:
President Obama: The only person who should make decisions about your health care is you.
Retweet if you're part of the 3/4 of Americans who support raising the minimum wage. #ActionSummit
"In the closing moments of the election, Gov. Romney's hoping you too will come down with a severe case of Romnesia." President Obama
Retweet if you agree: Five years without raising the minimum wage is too long. #LiveTheWage
The economy added 292,000 jobs in December a record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
in Virginia, speaking at VA Democratic Party Jefferson-Jackson Dinner. Watch his speech live on CNN.
As the tax-cuts bill moves to the House, I hope both parties come together in a spirit of common purpose to protect families & our economy.
Not even a broken ankle can keep Lindsay from volunteering with @OFA_OH:
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year."
Hundreds of thousands of Americans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy join them:
"If you want a future where the American Dream is really alive and well again, you have to vote for Barack Obama." President Clinton
Senate leaders have a job to do join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week.
RT @GabiDomenzain: Check out *NEW* OFA report that highlights how the Hispanic Community has benefited from #OBAMACARE
"Stop gun violence so no other mother &amp; father feel the pain my parents feel of having to bury their only son." Cherelle C. #WeDemandAVote
"Michelle and I are like parents everywhere we want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." President Obama
Tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. Check your options:
Great news: 58% of Americans agree that same-sex couples should be able to get married.
"I want to take a look one more time. I'm not going to see this again." The President pausing at the Capitol yesterday
Have you heard?
A new set of behind-the-scenes White House photos from @petesouza:
The President will talk about reducing the burden of student loan debt at 1:45 p.m. ET. Tune in:
"Small business owners can't afford the failed policies of the past. And Americans can't afford a Romney presidency." Rodger, Santa Monica
FACT: 11,155 @OFA volunteers have signed up for 411 action planning sessions in 46 states and D.C. to develop organizing plans. #OFAction
RT @TruthTeam2012: President Obama to the GOP: "We're not going back" to the failed policies of the past.
VP Biden: "We will be no part of a voucher program or the privatization of Social Security."
Another record broken: 16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat.
"Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." President Obama
Make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again:
Let your friends and family know what the President and Vice President are doing to reduce gun violence:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the stark choice we face in this election.
Kelly goes all out with her #Obama2012 volunteering in Mississippi:
Sign this petition to make your voice heard: It's time to #RaiseTheWage.
.@atrudel: College costs are a huge burden. Time to act!
"Women should be able to make their own choices about their bodies." Obama Administration on H.R. 1797
President Obama: "My job is to take into account everybody, not just some."
Anything is possible if we re willing to fight for it. Get out the vote today at a canvass or phone bank in your community.
Listen in on the First Lady s Vote 2010 update today at noon ET.
Have you seen our new Bo Obama buttons?
Speaking about the critical role of community colleges in America. Watch live at 12:15pm ET.
Add your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting for:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference.
It s time to stop holding laid-off workers hostage to Washington politics. We ve got to extend unemployment insurance:
New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health:
WATCH: Find out why President Obama is heading to Alaska at the end of the month.
My best speeches came from having a conversation with someone. The President at #DinnerWithBarack:
"We tell their story so that generations yet unborn will never forget." President Obama at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum
Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress:
President Obama: We reinvented a dying auto industry that s come roaring back to the top of the world. #MadeInAmerica
President Obama is building support for the American Jobs Act and he needs your help:
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in:
Don't forget: Preventive care is now covered, thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
Resolved to live healthier? Sign up for health care by January 15th to be enrolled on February 1st:
To mark today's anniversary, @WhiteHouse Photographer Pete Souza shares some special moments from the past year:
Only one week left to drop your name in the hat for dinner with the President and First Lady:
Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we ll get back to work.
"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." President Obama on climate change #ActOnClimate
We can t go back to what got us into this mess. We need to move forward with what s getting us out of this mess. President Obama
RT @Obama2012: Congress needs to keep student loan rates from doubling. That has to happen by July 1. President Obama
More Americans have peace of mind thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
Earlier today, the President announced the removal of the last U.S. troops from Iraq. Watch his statement:
"In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." President Obama
"If Selma taught us anything, it s that our work is never done." President Obama #Selma51
President Obama: Go to
Add some #Obama2012 holiday cheer to your Christmas tree with our red and green ornaments:
In MI. Announcing a New Energy for America plan. Watch it live:
"Let's catch up to 2014." President Obama on #EqualPay for women
"We can never thank you enough." President Obama addressing the troops #JoiningForces
FACT: If Congress refuses to act by Friday, more than 370,000 mentally ill children and adults will go without treatment. #JobsNotCuts
"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." President Obama
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy. #DoYourJob
Find out why Big Oil is using record profits to attack the President:
Why is it important to #ActOnClimate? To protect people. Watch the trailer to "Years of Living Dangerously":
RT if you agree: We've come too far to let Mitt Romney take us back to the same top-down policies that caused the economic crisis.
Stand with the candidate who is fighting for all Americans:
Presidents Clinton and Bush have issued a call to action Join the relief efforts of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund:
Disclaimer: @KalPenn has only played fake doctors on TV but he still knows the importance of affordable health care.
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percent the lowest ever recorded.
DYK: Thanks to #Obamacare, young people can stay on their parents' medical insurance until they're 26.
He took the harder and the more honorable path. Former President Bill Clinton on President Obama:
Abigail, a volunteer with @OFA_NY, writes a letter to her fellow #Obama2012 supporters:
President Obama: The vast majority of people will find a good health care option that's affordable for them many with financial assistance.
President Obama: The right to organize and negotiate a fair pay for hard work should be the right of every American.
"Michelle and I wish Coptic Orthodox Christians in the United States and around the world a joyous Christmas." President Obama
There are a lot of ways to support the President. This one is particularly creative:
Our take: This isn t just about jobs it s about basic fairness and security for middle-class families who work hard and play by the rules.
An old favorite that pretty much sums it all up:
On today's #DNC2012 speaker schedule: Elizabeth Warren and Bill Clinton, starting at 10pm ET. We'll be covering Day Two on @Obama2012.
Check this off your to-do list: Find quality, affordable health care.
Send a message to members of Congress who don't believe in the pay gap it's #MathNotMyth. Help fight for equality:
FACT: The typical middle-class family's taxes have been cut by $3,600 over President Obama's first term.
President Obama: "I've been on the Jeremy Lin bandwagon for a while."
Thanks to the #ACA, over 30 million more Americans will gain health coverage by 2016 many for the first time. #progress
This hug could be yours when you go backstage to meet the President. Enter for free now:
I've got a plan that will actually create jobs, not just talk about creating jobs. A plan that will actually create middle-class security.
RT @Obama2012: Job training programs like this one would be forced to cut back." President Obama on the proposed GOP budget
Obamacare has invested more than $200 million in funding for school-based health centers to serve youth nationwide. #TeamObamacare
If people ask _
One last time. #SOTU
I set a goal of doubling U.S. exports over five years. And we are on track to meet that goal ahead of schedule. President Obama
Delivering a statement on Libya from the White House at 5:15pm ET.
"Supporting the military means supporting military families." President Obama at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton
On this week's address: the recent Supreme Court ruling, and its potentially devastating effect on our democracy. Watch:
"Tax reform should follow the Buffett rule: If you make more than $1 million a year, you should not pay less than 30% in taxes."
Thanks to you, we're just 33,000 grassroots donations away from 700,000 for the week. Pitch in $5 before midnight:
Speak up: Tell House leaders to #SueLessDoMore and help middle-class Americans.
If you re in Columbus, OH, come on down to Nationwide Arena now to see President Obama, Jay Z, &amp; Bruce Springsteen this afternoon. #Forward
"We can solve this problem. All Congress has to do is pass a law to prevent a tax hike on the first $250,000 of everybody's income." Obama
Press Secretary Gibbs will be answering your questions on the BP oil spill tonight. Submit your questions here:
Photos are still rolling in from over 2,700 #SOTU2012 watch parties on Tuesday. Check out this roundup from @OFA_WI:
Watch: More than 7 in 10 Americans support raising the national minimum wage.
"On the battlefield of justice, men and women without rank or wealth, or title or fame, would liberate us all." President Obama #MLKDream50
President Obama signed the STOCK Act today to ban insider trading by members of Congress:
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on congressional passage of the Continuing Resolution.
We just made history. All of this happened because you gave your time, talent and passion. All of this happened because of you. Thanks
Something you can do today: Make 10 calls.
President Obama is speaking at the Rodon Group Manufacturing Facility in Pennsylvania. Watch live:
You have a chance to make your voice heard this August. Find out more:
It's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are:
In March alone, 190,000 people who hadn't donated before including during the 2008 campaign decided to give for the first time.
Find out more about the President's plan to build #ABetterBargain for the middle class:
DYK: The price of health insurance for almost half of uninsured, single young-adults $50 or less.
Will you stand with the President and #ActOnClimate? Add your voice today:
LAST CALL: You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaska but only if you enter today.
Women-owned small businesses have received more than 16,000 Small Business Administration loans totaling more than $4.5 billion.
"I want us to bring down our deficits in a balanced and responsible way." President Obama
Americans are getting covered. New info from @GallupNews: "U.S. Uninsured Rate Continues to Fall"
Great news: Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades.
"We give thanks not only for the people we love, but for the spirit that sees us through the toughest times."
High-speed wireless is how we ll spark new innovation, new investments, and new jobs, connecting every corner of America to the digital age.
"There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working Americans get ahead." President Obama
"It's a very simple issue. Either you're in favor of raising wages for hard-working Americans or you're not." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one. #ActOnClimate
246,000 new private-sector jobs last month. The last thing we need right now is a self-inflicted wound from Congress with #CutsWeCantAfford.
"If you're an employer _ look to AmeriCorps. Look to the Peace Corps." President Obama #AmeriCorps20
This dinner is important because I'm only president thanks to the work of millions of Americans like the four I just met. BO
You can watch at home or at a party, with your family or with friends, but you won t want to miss tonight s #SOTU at 9pm ET.
Obama: "Today we announce the next great American project the BRAIN initiative."
"We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." President Obama
Florida Republican reps on Twitter: @RepRichNugent (FL-05), @RepWebster (FL-08), @RepCliffStearns (FL-06), @RepGusBilirakis (FL-09)
Why Daryl pitches in: "I know he has my best interests, and the interests of the entire middle class, at heart.
In Oxford, Mississippi. Getting ready to debate John McCain. Watch the debate live at 9pm ET. Reply with your thoughts after.
"I love learning what the real issues are and brainstorming how we can work to get those issues brought to the table."
"We got a bill passed out of the Senate...If Speaker Boehner called that bill today, it would pass." President Obama on #immigration reform
"We cannot be a strong nation if all our people aren't able to reach at least their basic potential." Mary M.
If you're on #TeamObamaBiden, RT so your friends know the best place to watch tonight s debate:
In a crisis we rely on strength, resilience & unyielding faith that something better awaits if we summon the courage to reach for it.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy at Lawson State Community College in Birmingham, Alabama.
Over dinner, President Obama told Scott who he d want to work for if he wasn't President sports fans can't miss this:
Thousands of people have weighed in with what $2,000 means to them. Here are some of their #My2K stories.
A lot has changed in five years but the minimum wage has stayed the same. #TBT #LiveTheWage
Tuesday is Florida s GOP primary, but @OFA_FL is focused on growing #Obama2012 grassroots-style get the latest:
In Daytona Beach, FL. At a "Women for the Change We Need" event. Watch it live at
Massachusetts voters: Tweet @USSenScottBrown and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
Meet @JonCarsonOFA, the Executive Director of Organizing for Action. He's putting you in charge:
Dr. King's March on Washington was 48 years ago this week and @OFA_TX volunteer Jan was there:
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indiana seven years after his first visit.
In New Hampshire -holding events at 5pm at the Frank Jones Center in Portsmouth and 7pm at the American Legion Post No. 7 in Rochester.
Just 96 days to win this thing. Check out
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard. #DoYourJob
40% of all carbon pollution in America comes from our power plants. Support the @EPA's new limits on pollution:
If you live in Alabama, ask @SenatorSessions and @SenShelbyPress to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
Voters with Republican reps in IL: Make sure your representative knows you support a balanced approach to reducing the deficit. #compromise
A perfect day for snow cones in Denison, Iowa:
Watch President Obama speak at the @OneCampaign and @joinRED's #EndOfAIDS event:
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan to give America a raise. Watch:
The Senate just passed health reform. Thanks to all who made this moment possible.
"Betting on America means working on the issues the people need, and he's for the people."
Make sure your name is on this minimum wage petition:
Chip in $5 right now to support @OFA go all in for health care:
Millions of Americans now have health insurance and peace of mind but it couldn't have happened without you.
Holding a joint press conference with President Hu Jintao of China. Watch live at 1:05pm ET.
Since April, organizers have had nearly 31,000 one-on-one, face-to-face conversations to reconnect with supporters. #Obama2012
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at #CGI2014.
Deadline Friday: It's time for Congress to stop severe budget cuts that will cost jobs &amp; threaten the middle class.
Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality:
Uncle POTUS.
Lois now pays $320 a month for health insurance before health reform, it was $680.
"This is not about politics. It's about common sense." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
FACT: Romney and Ryan s plan could cut Pell Grants for nearly 10 million students and would eliminate President Obama's college tax credit.
FACT: Romney and Ryan would turn Medicare into a voucher system, raising seniors health care costs while giving tax cuts to millionaires.
About to discuss proposals to help small businesses grow and hire new workers. Watch live at 11 am ET.
It's an important day in New England follow @OFA_NH for updates from the incredible #fitn team of organizers and volunteers.
We re building a new and stronger foundation for economic growth and prosperity. Video:
LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking with @OFA supporters on the work ahead in 2016.
LIVE: President Obama is awarding the Medal of Honor to Kyle J. White, U.S. Army.
RT if you agree: Our immigration system has been broken for too long and Congress needs to fix it now.
No federal law protects LGBT individuals from employment discrimination. @OFA volunteers are working to change that:
If you pledge to help with the final push for health care enrollment, you could meet the President backstage in D.C.:
Listen live: President Obama speaks in Arlington, Virginia about keeping college affordable.
If you agree that women should be able to make their own health decisions, fight for it:
You can watch full video of the first #Obama2012 rally, including remarks from the President and First Lady, here:
One conversation could make the difference in this election make a few calls to voters today:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the fiscal cliff.
Join the National Call Team to make some of the most important calls of this campaign:
"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." President Obama #ActOnClimate
President Obama: You know what I believe, you know where I stand. You know I m willing to make tough decisions. #WeDecide
July was the hottest month ever recorded:
Why won t Mitt Romney release his tax returns?
22: Days until taxes for the middle class will increase if Congress does not act
This team is helping make sure the new health care law is a success. Are you in?
President Obama and President Lee Myung-bak speak on the U.S.-South Korea trade agreement. Watch live:
RT @PressSec: Read this and imagine "something like 2 million" more who'd be unemployed right now.
The economy added 215,000 jobs in March a record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth.
Anybody who wants to serve in our armed forces and make sacrifices on our behalf should be able to. DADT will end & it will end on my watch.
Can't volunteer as much as you'd like? There's another way to help out:
President Obama: "As long as I'm President of the United States, Iran will not get a nuclear weapon." #StrongerWithObama
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama lay out new steps to increase access to #BetterBroadband:
"This campaign can't only be about me. It must be about us it must be about what we can do together." Barack Obama, 1/10/07
Don't let anyone scare you out of getting affordable health insurance. #GetCovered
Big news: We're making big progress.
RT @OFA_NC: Are you in Raleigh? Greensboro? Fayetteville? You can find a house meeting near you today:
"The share of Americans with insurance is up, and the growth of insurance costs is down." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." President Obama
Honesty and transparency matter:
"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." President Obama #SOTU
Spread the word: The deadline to be covered on January 1st is #Dec23. Get started:
This week s Friday Facts takes a by-the-numbers look at American women in the workforce:
"We are not just Americans, but citizens of Earth." @StationCDRKelly
President Obama is visiting Tiffany Santana's family in northern Virginia today. Here's why:
We ve got some great people in this town, and door-knocking is one of my favorite things to do.
Say you won't stop fighting for women's rights. Chip in $5 and #StandWithWomen:
In Casper, WY at a town hall meeting & heading to Laramie. Remind all your friends in Wyoming to caucus tomorrow.
RT @questlove: sittin round bored with a phone nearby? please make some calls to key voters please.
DYK: States that embraced #Obamacare and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates.
President Obama: Our kids should grow up in an America where opportunity is real. #ABetterBargain
Add your name now --
Health reform just took a huge step but the insurance lobby is working hard to stop it. Urge Congress to pass real reform:
Jeannette, a teacher in California, supports the President s plan to modernize schools like hers:
Add your name to get important information about the #IranDeal and make sure you have all the facts:
Let the other side know: Growing the economy and fighting climate change aren't contradictory.
President Obama in Cleveland: We ve come too far to turn back now.
In Des Moines, IA "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
The crowd gathers at President Obama's next and final stop: Cleveland, Ohio.
POTUS: "This election will be even closer than the last."
RT @OFA_VA: .@BarackObama: "I still believe in you, and I m asking you to keep believing in me."
Obama on Pope Francis: "I look forward to working with His Holiness to advance peace, security, and dignity for our fellow human beings."
FACT: Romney s MA financial disclosure form shows that he earned more than $100,000 at Bain in 2001 and 2002 years after he claims he left.
On Romney: When he was asked what he d do to cut the deficit &amp; reduce spending, he said he d eliminate funding for public television.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
Ashly was a fellow at @OFA this year. Read her story:
These #CleanWaterRules will protect America's drinking water from polluters.
"93 percent of hospital executives think Obamacare will make health care better." More from @washingtonpost:
Watch live: @ElizabethforMA speaks about why President Obama is the clear choice for the middle class:
This matters.
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody.
Meet Walter: He s 91, and he s making calls for President Obama using the online call tool.
"We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but America is rooting for Detroit." President Obama
Why Romney and Ryan's tax plan does not pass the arithmetic test:
Voters in Montana: Tweet your Republican representative and ask him to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
FACT: House leaders have stalled on immigration reform for a year, and it's already cost the country more than $13 billion.
Robert Gibbs has been an extraordinary press secretary and I couldn t have had a better friend at the podium each and every day.
"Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." President Obama #LLAP
Negotiations on the #TPP are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more:
Get the tools needed to make a difference in your community apply for the @OFA 2015 Spring Fellowship Program:
Your donation will go further now than it will next week. Pitch in $5 now:
An important reminder about health reform on the @WhiteHouse blog today:
Michigan Republican reps on Twitter: @congressmandan (MI-01), @rephuizenga MI-02), @repjustinamash (MI-03), @repdavecamp (MI-04)
I don t believe that firing teachers or kicking students off financial aid will grow the economy. President Obama
Tomorrow's deadline to #GetCovered for the new year is important: Don't miss it.
Meet Sami a laundromat owner and @OFA_NJ volunteer:
Stand up for equal pay add your name now:
What kind of inside job is he talking about? If it s rubber-stamping the top-down agenda of this GOP Congress, we don t want it.
Alex wants his kids to know that they can make a difference in other people s lives so he became a summer organizer:
Stick it on a notebook, a car, or a laptop get your #Obama2012 stickers here:
No daughter should be paid less than somebody else's son for the same work:
You should join us for today's National Day of Action. Find an event in your town:
Our take: @fivethirtyeight s analysis of the President s chances in 2012 doesn t account for our biggest strength you.
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different. #DoYourJob
Texas Republican reps on Twitter: @lamarsmithtx12 (TX-21), @olsonpressshop (TX-22), @repcanseco (TX-23), @repkenmarchant (TX-24).
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support:
Watch President Obama discuss how #Obamacare is working at 11:25 ET:
An inside look at a GOP super PAC's plan to "do exactly what John McCain would not let us do" in 2008:
HAPPENING NOW: President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy.
Indiana voters: Tweet @SenDanCoats and @senatorlugar and ask them to compromise on a balanced deficit solution .
"Change has always been built on our willingness we the people." President Obama #MLKDream50
Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimate add your name:
FACT: Obamacare is helping seniors save through lower premiums, free preventive care, and less expensive prescription drugs.
Every child should have the chance to fulfill their potential. #OpportunityForAll
Watch the President discuss the need to #RaiseTheWage for all workers at 2:00 p.m. ET:
Continue to stand up against discrimination. Add your name to tell the House of Representatives to pass #ENDA:
A new #Fellows2012 class has picked up the skills to build this organization looks like they had fun doing it:
"Americans gave everything they had not for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." President Obama
Retweet to spread the word. #LoveWins
RT if you agree: The number of guns sold without a background check should be zero. #WeDemandAVote,
Sam F., VA: Because President Obama s health care reform directly impacted my Type I diabetic brother's health.
Make sure you have all the facts sign up to be part of the @OFA Truth Team.
Load a steel mill up with debt, bankrupt it, and then walk away with millions: that's #RomneyEconomics and it's wrong. RT if you agree.
Who would you bring to #DinnerWithBarack? Just a few hours left to toss your name in the hat:
"Tonight, on the planet Mars, the United States of America made history." President Obama
Retweet if you agree middle-class Americans deserve the chance to retire with dignity. #ABetterBargain
President Obama: "After shedding jobs for 10 years, American manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the last 3 years." #JobsNow
We re going to keep fighting to advance our recovery and accelerate the transition to a clean energy economy. Watch:
At a joint session of Congress next week, President Obama will lay out a plan to get America back to work and call on lawmakers to pass it.
Giving a major Iraq policy speech tomorrow in Iowa and will also be live on the Today Show tomorrow morning at 7:00am.
68 years ago today D-Day the brave members of the Allied Forces stormed the beaches of Normandy. We have never forgotten their heroism. bo
"The American people don t get to demand ransom in exchange for doing their job. Neither does Congress." President Obama on the #shutdown
2.5 million young Americans living without health insurance are now protected by #ACA. Are you one of them?
We need to fight the millions of dollars in special-interest funding with millions of voices who are ready to finish what we started.
POTUS: We ve got the best-trained, best-led, best-equipped military in history, and as Commander-in-Chief I m going to keep it that way.
Mitt Romney has a jobs plan get rid of jobs for teachers, firefighters, and cops:
It's time to stop playing games with our economy over a law that passed years ago. #EnoughAlready
President Obama asks Congress to help keep families in their homes:
It's the final countdown: Only five days left in the enrollment period. #GetCovered now.
President Obama on #immigration reform: "The only thing that s holding it back right now is John Boehner."
Just about everybody who s looked at his tax plan says he can t pay for it without blowing a hole in the deficit or raising taxes.
Pitch in $5 to be automatically entered for dinner and some hoops with the President and some basketball legends:
"Every job seeker should have the tools they need to take their career in their own hands." President Obama #ReadyToWork
Share how your family came here and why we need immigration reform now:
Meeting a president is a once-in-a-lifetime experience how about an evening with two? Airfare s on us:
It's a full house for tonight's HBCU Obama Student Summit. Watch live, starting in 10 minutes:
Tell Congress: Help protect our kids by closing background check loopholes for all gun sales.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BlogHer and @SheKnows about equal pay, paid leave, and more.
Get all the #Obama2012 bumper stickers, button sets, and magnets you need in one package:
In Reno, NV. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
"No president can do it alone." Read President Obama's note to @OFA supporters, then say you're in:
The President sent a message to OFA supporters about why he's taking #ImmigrationAction:
Say you'll keep up the fight show your support and chip in before midnight:
We will move forward together, or not at all for the challenges we face are bigger than party and bigger than politics. #SOTU
"Our businesses have now added nearly 10 million new jobs over the past 52 months." President Obama
"Let s begin this new chapter together and let s start the work right now." President Obama #SOTU #AmericaLeads
Introducing the First Lady at the Clinton Global Initiative Annual Meeting. Watch live at 4pm ET.
"John, you've been debating a commemorative coin for baseball?"
Romney's budget plan meets reality: He'd either have to explode the deficit or make unprecedented cuts.
FACT: In the last decade, the gun background check system has blocked more than 1 million felons and prohibited buyers from purchasing guns.
Last call for birthday wishes #44 is 52.
RT @TruthTeam2012: President Obama and Mitt Romney have a different definition of transparency:
Today is President Obama's 52nd birthday. Sign his card and wish him a great one:
"It is good to be home." President Obama in Chicago #ImmigrationAction
In Reading & Scranton, PA today. Honored to be campaigning with Senator Bob Casey and Caroline Kennedy. Visit
.@OFA_PA volunteers are building this campaign in the rain reminding folks to vote in tomorrow s primary:
President Obama in Jacksonville: the American Dream is beginning to stall his plans for #ABetterBargain aim to reignite the middle class.
"Last season, 'the 12s' set a record not once, but twice, for the loudest crowd noise in history." President Obama on the @Seahawks' fans
Polls open in MA tomorrow. For health reform, help get out the vote for @MarthaCoakley. Call 5 voters now:
Share your thoughts on whether class size matters:
Get your name on the minimum wage petition before it's delivered to lawmakers:
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate Americans who are fighting for working families:
Calling all supporters the fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in:
"Let s tell the world that America is open for business." President Obama wants #ABetterBargain for you:
Photo of the Day: Duane is "in" for 2012 so in that he attended 2 #VoteReg11 events with @OFA_IA this weekend!
President Obama: "Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation-building here at home." #Forward
Host an OFA State of the Union watch party in your community:
What does change mean to you? Share your answer through a photo, piece of art, or video:
Think fast:
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." President Obama #SOTU
While the other side is busy distorting the President s record, get the facts: #FF @TruthTeam2012.
"Send me a bill that bans insider trading by members of Congress, and I will sign it tomorrow." #SOTU
FACT: President Obama expanded Pell Grants to benefit more than 3 million more students and increased the maximum award by $900. #progress
Get ready for President Obama's final #SOTU, and add your voice to the conversation:
Be sure to stay tuned after the address for a live Q&A with Anita Dunn, White House Communications Director, who will take your questions.
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy.
RT @PCBJohnnyMac: Democratic Women's Club of Bay County giving away children's book at #MLK2012 in #PanamaCity
"Not every regulation is smart. Not every tax dollar is spent wisely. Not every person can be helped who refuses to help themselves."
It starts with you. Watch the new @ItsOnUs video aimed at ending sexual assault:
The world is #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further:
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system.
Looking to learn more about the debt agreement? Our infographic shows you the nuts and bolts:
#FF Federal government agencies: @StateDept, @usedgov, @USGS, @USDAgov, and @USDOL.
#DinnerWithBarack just got more interesting. Watch President Obama announce some big news:
Don't gamble with your health. The #TimeToEnroll is today:
Add your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system:
"What could be more American than what happened in this place?" President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
RT if you agree: We don t need more tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires. We need tax cuts for middle-class Americans.
The bill would have put construction workers back on the job by investing $60 billion in rebuilding our roads, rails, and airports.
This is what the Senate health reform bill will do for America:
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch the President and the First Lady speak about expanding college opportunity:
It's crunch time. Do your part to keep the momentum going on the issues that matter to you:
Retweet to tell a friend: #GetCovered.
RT @tomperriello: for me, #hcr comes down to saving $ for families & small biz & keeping our hospitals open. This bill will.
"This country is not going to succeed if just a few are doing well. This country succeeds when everyone's got a shot." President Obama
Something fun for Monday morning the President singing Al Green every time your phone rings. Download the ringtone:
Help get out the vote: Grab your phone and call voters right now.
With a director, the @CFPB can make sure Americans are treated fairly by mortgage brokers, payday lenders, and debt collectors.
Make your voice heard: Share why we can't afford to lay off teachers &amp; cut vital services for our kids.
Our dependence on foreign oil is the lowest it's been in 16 years, and some more facts for your Friday:
Thanking Hillary. Our party & our country are stronger because of the work she has done. Visit
"As Americans, we believe that everyone who works hard deserves a chance at opportunity." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: We need to #ActOnClimate.
Just 10 days left to say #DontDoubleMyRate to Congress and protect student loan interest from increasing for nearly 7 million new students.
It's time to close the pay gap between men and women. #OpportunityForAll
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room.
Today s reason to give: You ll be entered for a chance to have your own chat with the President.
"We need you to lead!" @OFA volunteers are telling representatives in the House to act on immigration reform.
Hundreds of organizers recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read more:
President Obama: Unemployment insurance provides security so that losing your job doesn't cost you everything you've worked for. #RenewUI
The government shutdown is costly and irresponsible. It's time the #TeaPartyShutdown ended:
Spider bites. #FlashbackFriday
Since 2009, American exports have increased by more than 36% bringing $2.15 trillion into the U.S. economy in the last year. #MadeInAmerica
As a father, one of the highlights of every day is asking my daughters about their day. Their hopes and their futures. President Obama
Are you young, American, and for President Obama? We have a free sticker for you:
President Obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. More from @TIME:
Big Oil shouldn't get $4 billion a year in tax subsidies while making record profits. Tell Congress to end them now:
A promise kept to make our tax system fairer:
My vision for America: Education. Energy. Innovation. Infrastructure. President Obama
Don't miss the deadline: Be covered with health insurance on February 1st.
Tweet your Republican legislator and ask them not to raise taxes on middle-class families:
President Obama delivered on his promise to bring our troops home from Iraq and fight for them when they come home:
Grab a seat at the table across from the President and @MichelleObama your airfare is covered:
Share why you support the President's plan to keep our kids &amp; communities safer from gun violence:
Don't miss the opportunity to be an @OFA Summer Fellow:
"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." President Obama
Happy Halloween!
The Senate-passed #immigration bill would strengthen the overall economy and grow GDP. More:
Make sure your friends know President Obama s plan to create one million new manufacturing jobs by 2016:
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices. #DoYourJob
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about how to provide every child with a quality education:
Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice system add your name now:
Because some are standing in the way, this has been the least productive Congress in modern history. Demand better:
The First Lady speaks about supporting women and girls in science, technology, engineering and math. Watch live:
"Now tell the truth. Are you guys playing for money?"
"We've got to make sure this recovery leaves nobody behind." President Obama #RenewUI
If you're one of millions of young Americans w/out health insurance, you can get affordable coverage starting Oct. 1
Share your Obamacare experience:
#ABetterBargain for the middle class: jobs, education, home ownership, retirement, health care and more opportunity.
American businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and #ActOnClimate:
Photo of the day: President Obama pays his respects at the Norwegian embassy
Make it easier for the people who want to see the President s birth certificate get it on a button:
In Coral Gables, FL. At a "Women's Rally for the Change We Need." Watch it live at
The carbon pollution levels in the atmosphere rose at a dramatic rate last year. It's vital to #ActOnClimate:
Spread the word: You can still make the difference in this election. Help get out the vote now:
Organizing for Action is for you. Be a part of @OFA:
From torrential rain to fresh tomatoes check out a few photos from the President s trip to Virginia this weekend:
225 years ago today: George Washington was elected to be the first president of the United States.
FACT: Paul Ryan cosponsored a bill that would ban many common forms of birth control, including certain birth control pills.
"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." President Obama
"The typical family this year should save more than $700 at the pump." President Obama
Vice President Biden shares why he thinks his old friend and colleague is "an inspired choice for the Supreme Court."
Speaking in Florida, President Obama lays out the stakes in this election:
Incredible performance from #USWNT, no matter what happens. Now on to penalties. Let's win this.
The reviews of the #VPDebate are in here's what people across the political spectrum are saying about Biden's win:
New #ACA numbers look at how the law is helping Americans in every state:
Today we'll be sharing why teachers and public safety workers are among the thousands of Americans who can't wait for action on jobs.
The excuses not to #ActOnClimate need to end.
Read how #Obamacare has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and innovation."
Supporters are fired up. They ve reached out to 500,000 voters so far keep calling, and keep knocking.
Utah voters: Tweet @OrrinHatch and @SenMikeLee and ask them to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
RT @TruthTeam2012: A map of the offshore tax havens where Romney invests his millions:
Stand with President Obama to say middle-class Americans shouldn't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires:
Art Works voting ends tomorrow make sure to get your votes in before the deadline:
The House is voting on a historic clean energy bill today. Have you called your representative about it?
Pre-Obamacare, here's what insurance companies could do to you:
What Obamacare means for millions of Americans: affordable health care.
Congress: More than a million Americans are still without unemployment insurance. Do the right thing and #RenewUI.
We ll be live-tweeting the President and First Lady's remarks at today's rally on @Obama2012 starting at 1:20pm ET. #Obama2012
"20% of Iowa s electricity now comes from wind, powering our homes and our businesses in a way that s clean and renewable." President Obama
"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workers on our terms." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Add your name if you stand with President Obama and aggressive action on climate change.
Mitt Romney thinks it s fair that multimillionaires like himself pay a lower tax rate than middle-class families:
POTUS: In America, higher education isn t a luxury; it s an economic necessity that every family should be able to afford.
Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairness add your name:
Melody in GA: "Thank you for inspiring me to strive to be the best law student I could be and to strive for greatness." #bo50
"You can now go to
Preparing for our big "Walk for Change" national canvass - Heading to Dubuque, Iowa for tomorrow's walk.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
"Small businesses represent some of our country's core values: risk-taking, ingenuity, and hard work."
POTUS: My message to Congress is what I ve been saying for months now: Let s keep going. Let s keep moving forward.
Congressional Republicans chose to make severe budget cuts instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires:
In La Crosse, WI. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Baltimore.
Share your own story about how a teacher, firefighter, or police officer has helped you or your family:
More than one million job-seekers have lost an economic lifeline. If you are one of them, share your story:
The Senate's vote today will determine whether or not we invest $25 billion to update America's schools for the 21st century. #passthebill
"We still have a lot of work to do together. But we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." President Obama
Don't miss your shot to chip in:
"Simply put, it's a life saver for me and my business." Read Ned's #Obamacare story:
Check this out: @OFA volunteers in California took a stand for clean energy.
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feminist and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality.
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September of 2008." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here:
Watch: President Obama is speaking on the importance of jobs-driven skills training in a 21st century economy.
Watching the numbers tick up: we're at 489,597 #TeamObama donors as of 6:00pm CT.
About to speak at the Nuclear Security Summit. We are not just making pledges -- we are making real progress. Watch now:
Nations from around the world are coming together to #ActOnClimate. Join millions calling for real progress:
Working with Gen. Colin Powell to help curb high school dropout rates a problem we can t afford to ignore.
Pitch in $10 today to help out-organize the other side over the final 100 days:
"From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving." President Obama
"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn t matter." President Obama #SOTU
Obama lays out health care vision to Senate leaders & reaffirms commitment to a public insurance plan. Build support:
We closed the fundraising gap with Mitt Romney's campaign for the first time since April. That's huge thank you.
President Obama has a plan to rebuild America from the ground up. President Clinton on the clear choice this fall:
Mitt Romney will say anything to win this election:
"When government and businesses and not-for-profits work together, we can make a difference." President Obama
"Heed the warnings of the Chamber of Commerce. They're all saying to Congress: 'Do your job.'" President Obama #EnoughAlready
This would be huge for working families:
"'We are all in this together' is a far better philosophy than 'We are on our own.'"
The First Lady to @OFA_PA volunteers today: "You will make the difference in this election."
On Thursday, @OFA will deliver to Congress the signatures of 1.4 million Americans who want expanded background checks for gun sales.
The sun's fully up as the President takes the stage in Tampa.
What motivates you to fight for change? Take this one-question survey:
I read letters like these every single day. It was one of the best parts of the job hearing from you.
Good news: The economy added 216,000 private sector jobs in May. #ActOnJobs
Looking forward to catching some of the big game tonight. Wish the Bears weren t watching it from home, too. -bo
For some, it's still harder than it should be to support a family in America. Tell Congress to #RaiseTheWage:
Congress can #DoSomething about this.
I can t think of anything better than being with a hometown crowd that is fired up.
POTUS: There s no reason to wait. There s no reason to make families and small businesses anxious so one party can score political points.
We don t need a partisan agenda we need a common-sense agenda that says when we educate a poor child, we ll all be better off.
Reggie Love says he s shared a lot of meals with the President in the last 4 years mostly takeout but none like this:
"We've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training _ and employers have noticed." President Obama
The senate has unveiled an excellent health reform bill. Call your senators and ask them to move forward:
Tomorrow is the last day add your name if you agree it's time to #FixOvertime for millions of middle-class families:
Happy Mother's Day to my love and partner on this journey @MichelleObama, and to all the wonderful, hardworking mothers out there.
David Plouffe's @WashingtonPost op-ed today reminds us why November doesn't need to be a nightmare for Democrats:
Baby incoming:
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" President Obama
Happy 47th anniversary to Medicare! Find out five ways that health care reform strengthens Medicare:
We've proven that we can match the Romney campaign's big contributions &amp; secret bundlers. Make sure we can do it again:
Will @PaulRyanVP stand by Romney and Ryan's extreme anti-choice agenda, or pretend it doesn't exist? #RyansChoice
Chart of the day, via @marketwatch: Under President Obama, federal spending growth is at its slowest in decades.
See why raising the minimum wage is a good idea for working Americans and their families:
Messina on Romney: "It s hard to serve as president... when you ve disdainfully written off half the nation.
"The way business is done in Washington has to change." President Obama on the #shutdown
Mitt Romney s corporate experience wasn't about creating jobs. It was about profit, even at the expense of workers:
President Obama: "We've come too far to turn back now. We can t afford to go back to the same policies that got us into this mess."
People across the country are #WearingOrange today to stand up against gun violence.
If you haven't already seen video of yesterday's #questiontime, check it out:
Only 4 weeks left. It's #TimeToEnroll:
President Obama: Change can t happen if you write off half the nation before you even take office.
Check out how President Obama is fighting to make college more affordable then pass this on:
Video: Health care professionals join Vice President Biden to discuss why health reform matters so much:
"See for yourself what the prices are. See for yourself what the choices are." President Obama on new options for the uninsured #GetCovered
Out of many, we are one:
President Obama: While affordable health care might still be a threat to freedom on Fox News, it s working pretty well in the real world.
GIF of the day:
Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percent the lowest it's been since 2007.
FACT: President Obama has called for permanently doubling the amount of start-up expenses that entrepreneurs can deduct on their taxes.
President Obama: He s hoping you won t remember that he wants to give millionaires and billionaires a $250,000 tax cut." #Romnesia
"We will leave our children with a better future and a better America." President Obama #ActOnClimate
For Jarred, a small business owner, affordable health care means better coverage and real savings:
President Obama: "Ohio, I believe in you, and I need you to keep believing in me." #AmericaForward
This is what registering voters sounds like:
We want our money back and we're going to get it. Add your voice:
See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker:
In only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice:
"More than half of Americans believe that they or others are better off with Obamacare..." More from @Politico:
Can you spend 15 minutes calling voters today to let them know how important it is that they vote?
"Insurance companies will finally have to cover you, and charge you the same rates as everybody else." President Obama on #Obamacare
Millions of Americans can now rely on quality, affordable health care coverage:
Speaking at town halls in Sac City and Storm Lake, Iowa today. Heading to Nevada tomorrow.
RT @TruthTeam2012: The RNC unleashes a negative ad that blatantly ignores the reality of the President s record:
LAST CHANCE: Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.
It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago.
Help win tomorrow by calling voters in key states today:
When I was sworn in, I pledged to cut the deficit in half by the end of my first term. The budget I m proposing today meets that pledge.
Romney didn t offer a single new idea just retreads of the same old policies that have been sticking it to the middle class for years.
Have yourself a merry little conversation about health insurance:
Getting ready to go on stage. Follow @TheDemocrats for live tweets from the rally in Madison. Watch live:
Photos from inside yesterday's first #Obama2012 rally:
"Whenever I can go ahead and help families like yours and have the legal authority to do it, I'm going to do it." President Obama
Forget to mail your holiday cards? Personalize this video for your friends and family:
Have the pets in your house embraced the #Obama2012 spirit? They're not alone check out Pet Lovers for Obama:
Good news: America's businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record.
"I feel so strongly about the availability of women's health care services that it's worth pitching in."
Before the Senate vote tomorrow, tell your Republican legislators that #VeteransCantWait for jobs:
Just as you protected America, we re going to pass our country to the next generation stronger, safer and more respected in the world.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at an interfaith service in Boston for the victims of Monday's bombing.
"I firmly believe that this can be a breakthrough year for America." President Obama
Meet Max a recent Tulane grad who wanted to do something more than just vote this time around :
Check out President Obama's essay in @TheEconomist on the unique challenges the American economy faces.
If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for #CollegeOpportunity:
"On behalf of the Obama family, I want to wish everybody a very happy Thanksgiving." President Obama
Let's be clear: Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court. #DoYourJob
We ve got a new tower across the New York skyline, al Qaeda is on the path to defeat, and bin Laden is dead. President Obama
Take the pledge to help make a fundamental shift in our culture around sexual assault:
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska:
Yesterday, President Obama called on Congress to step up and take action on jobs. Say you're with him:
What would you talk about at #DinnerWithBarack?
Speak out against gun violence #WearOrange tomorrow.
Final count: three double-downs, one backtrack. Find out what they said here, and share with friends:
Don't miss this deadline:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the need to extend tax cuts for the middle class.
If we're outspent:
Join the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention measures:
When the health insurance marketplace opens again on November 15th, be part of the team helping out:
Today marks four years since I chose @JoeBiden to be my running mate. Here s to an outstanding Vice President and a great friend. bo
This is what marriage means to those who have had the chance to say "I do":
Before Sunday: #GetCovered.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Congress needs to act to build economic #OpportunityForAll:
Thinking about channeling your #Obama2012 energy as a summer intern? The spring interns share some personal highlights:
Today @GinaEPA announces the first ever limits on carbon pollution from future power plants. Read more:
"Action on climate change presents a distinct opportunity. And we have seen it work." @GinaEPA Read more:
Watch the weekly address: President Obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working families.
Happy Fourth, everybody.
Higher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good news but there's more work to do.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the Paris Climate Agreement.
As long as we have a single American in harm s way, we will continue to do everything in our power to keep them safe.
Chip in today to be automatically entered to win a trip to Chicago to meet music legend James Taylor:
Watch live: President Obama urges Congress to avert harmful budget cuts that would threaten our economy.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois.
POTUS: "If Congress passes the Paycheck Fairness Act, women are going to have access to more tools to claim equal pay for equal work."
Volunteers needed 2,000 signatures to get President Obama on the ballot in Pennsylvania. @OFA_PA turned in more than 47,000. #Obama2012
3 days left no time to waste. Help get out the vote this weekend:
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and #WomenInSTEM:
Watch Obama's #SOTU address with enhanced graphics, charts, and useful stats on his plan to keep us moving forward:
Holidays can be hectic. Take this off your mind:
We ll cover your airfare and hotel for the last #DinnerWithBarack of this campaign enter before the midnight deadline:
"I'm going to sign an executive order to create more pay transparency." President Obama #FairFutureNow
Spread the word: For millions of Americans, health insurance could cost $100 a month or less.
The Affordable Care Act doesn't just benefit patients:
Meeting with world leaders at today's Nuclear Security Summit -- focusing on solutions to keep nuclear materials away from terrorists.
RT if you don't want Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan to turn Medicare into a voucher program:
Just 46 days left to win this thing. Volunteer in your community this weekend:
RT @ndoshirx: @BarackObama it's a bus pass for The month #40dollars
FACT: Romney tried to hide his extreme stance on birth control, but he has supported laws that would let employers deny coverage. #Romnesia
Parents: Give your children the information they need to get covered.
Signing into law a Wall St. reform bill that will bring all Americans greater economic security. Watch at 11:30 am ET.
No matter what you look like, or where you come from, or who you love, you can dream big dreams.
FACT: Romney s plan to give millionaires a massive tax cut would either raise taxes for the middle class or explode the deficit.
Steve is building his wind energy business in Michigan with some help from a loan program President Obama supports:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Today in Missouri, Romney said: Planned Parenthood, we re going to get rid of that.
Colleen F: The larger the class is, the easier students get distracted and do not pay attention.
In Chicago, walking picket line with hotel workers at the Congress Hotel. For more info visit
RT @SpeakerPelosi: As our combat mission ends, I join in thanking those who have served in Iraq and honor those we've lost. #SaluteTroops
Climate change isn't just about numbers and charts it's about people. Tell your climate change story:
This woman saved money, thanks to @Obamacare, and the law helped her family #GetCovered. Read more from Fox News:
Pregnancy, asthma, even bunions used to be "pre-existing conditions." #ThisIsWhy health reform is important:
It s all over at midnight 10% discount in the #Obama2012 store with the code DEADLINE:
Retweet if you think it's time the House voted on immigration reform. #CostOfInaction
FACT: Droughts in the southwest U.S. are expected to last over 5 years by 2050. It's time to #ActOnClimate.
"The only way we can change is if the American people demand it." President Obama
If people ask you what this campaign is about, you tell them it s still about hope. It s still about change.
I want to thank all @TheDemocrats who worked so hard to get the Small Business Jobs Act passed.
President Obama: "Second, my plan will cut our oil imports in half by 2020, so that we control more of our own energy in America."
"When women do well, everybody does well." President Obama #WomenSucceed
Why you should care about "inversions":
Pass it on.
There's been great progress over the past 55 months it's time to #RaiseTheWage to help keep the economy growing.
Make sure Washington knows that a great majority of Americans agree that the time has come to repeal #DADT:
The President is announcing unprecedented new fuel efficiency standards this morning:
Dashboard: Welcome to your digital field office.
I need you fired up, because in just nine days, you have the chance to set the direction of this country.
Iowans of both parties agree with President Obama: Wind tax credits should be extended.
In his State of the Union, President Obama called for a ban on insider trading by members of Congress. Stand with him:
"We've still got a long way to go...we know there are still a lot of folks out there looking for work." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"When women make less than men, that hurts their families." President Obama #WomenSucceed
Add your name right now to keep fighting - for Newtown and countless other communities torn apart by gun violence:
"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." President Obama #RIPMuhammadAli
We cannot mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate.
FACT: This year, nearly 6 million graduates will be able to consolidate their student loans and lower their interest rates. #progress
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing @OFA's card today:
#BoBackThursday #TBT
.@Messina2012 explains what our millionth one-on-one conversation means for the campaign:
The best way for Congress to honor the victims of Aurora is to pass common-sense gun violence prevention measures.
"We respect the past, but we don t pine for the past. We don t fear the future." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack explains how our broken #immigration system is harming farmers:
25 reasons that 25 people are voting for President Obama:
Watch live: President Obama takes the stage in Ohio at the first rally of this campaign.
"Leading _ _always _ _with the example of our values. That s what makes us exceptional. That s what keeps us strong." President Obama #SOTU
Are you invincible? Find out:
One year ago, President Obama introduced his Climate Action Plan. It's already making real progress:
Lend a hand chip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.
2012 is heating up say you re in.
In case you missed it: President Obama sang a little Al Green last night.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina.
Ryan voted for the policies that crashed the economy. #FactsMatter
"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." President Obama #IranDeal
Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Don t let them add your name today:
Show your support for #Obama2012 wherever you go with our brand-new (but retro-style) car magnet:
What s your reason for voting Obama-Biden? Tweet your response, or tell your story here:
Your chance to go to the Democratic National Convention, meet the President, AND spend time with the First Lady:
#ABetterBargain: Every child gets a fair shot with access to good education.
I can t tell you who I m voting for it s a secret ballot. But Michelle said she voted for me. President Obama
Thanks to Obamacare, insurance companies will no longer be able to charge women more than men for the same plan.
"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." President Obama
If you live in Pennsylvania, ask @SenToomey to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
This year, we will forge a lasting partnership with the Iraqi people while we finish the job of bringing our troops out of Iraq. #SOTU
President Obama urges Congress to pass the infrastructure section of the American Jobs Act now. Listen live:
Let's start 2015 strong chip in right now:
Hello, #ObamaSummit! Thrilled to host civic leaders in Chicago from all over the world. Follow along at @ObamaFoundation.
LIVE: President Obama is honoring veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.
"Trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the U.S." President Obama
POTUS: "The typical family has seen their income tax burden go down about $3,600 since I came into office."
We can't govern from crisis to crisis. Add your name if you support a long-term plan to #FundDHS:
Thousands of people have signed up to bring 50 new supporters into our campaign by the President's 50th. Are you game?
Watch live: President Obama and UK Prime Minister David Cameron hold a joint press conference.
Stand up to polluters and protect the Clean Water Act:
FACT: Paul Ryan s budget cuts, if made across the board, would cut key investments in innovation, education, and clean energy by nearly 20%.
There s still time to weigh in on which school will win the Race to the Top Commencement Challenge.
In Landover, MD to speak on the national clean fleets partnership. Listen live at 12:20pm ET.
President Obama: "I will not sign a plan that harms the middle class." #JobsNow
The other side is counting on you staying home this Nov. They re counting on your silence. They are betting on your apathy. Prove them wrong
President Obama: We have to prepare tomorrow s workforce by guaranteeing every child access to a world-class education. #SOTU
Some members of Congress still won't accept the science of climate change. Help call them out:
A mother's letter about what's at stake for her daughters this November:
President Obama's State of the Union included a focus on rebuilding American infrastructure by putting people to work:
See what it s like to volunteer for the President through the eyes of an organizer then sign up to organize your town:
Second, this bill will keep interest rates on federal student loans from doubling.
Fort Pierce, Florida: becoming famous for good hugs.
President Obama: "If Congress allows this meat cleaver approach to take place, it will jeopardize our military readiness."
LIVE: President Obama is pressing Congress to #RaiseTheWage. Watch:
Unbelievable. 150K calls to Congress today. Let's go for 200K:
President Obama on Mitt Romney: "His tax plan doesn t add up. His jobs plan doesn t create jobs." #SketchyDeal
Obama: I don t think any male politician should be making health care decisions for women.
POTUS on the auto industry recovery: "These jobs are worth more than just a paycheck. They re a source of pride."
I can t in good conscience vote for Mitt Romney. Margaret, a Republican, on why she s voting for the President:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Consumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. Read why:
Giving more power back to the biggest banks, that s not change. Another $5 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest that s not change.
Help build #Obama2012 by applying to be a campaign organizing fellow:
"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." President Obama #EqualPayNow
One thing you can do right now: Set up a grassroots fundraising page to bring your friends into this campaign.
"If Congress does nothing, every family in America will see their taxes automatically go up at the beginning of next year."
"Millions of Americans who work hard and play by the rules every day deserve a government and a financial system that do the same."
Speaking at TechBoston Academy on the vital role of education in winning the future. Watch live at 3:15pm ET.
At the first commercial break, "Obamacare" is in the lead with "repeal" close behind. Did you pick either of those? #debatewatch
Don't miss your chance:
LIVE: The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the @NAACP National Convention.
President Obama speaks about the American Jobs Act:
Vice President Biden is in St. Louis to address Democrats at the party's summer meeting. Watch live at 10:50 a.m. ET.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
This week President Obama reads letters from Americans who've dealt with real-world consequences of the #shutdown:
Read up on President Obama's plan to protect consumers on the internet the Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights:
Tune in at 12:15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement.
President Obama refused to give up on our auto industry and his support led to more than 200,000 new jobs:
A broken arm could cost $7,000 without insurance. Don't take that chance:
Hard-working Americans deserve better than the current minimum wage. It's time for a change:
Last week, the President dined with four #DinnerWithBarack winners these photos will give you a taste of how it went:
Watch: @WValderrama believes in the American dream.
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Court and editorial boards across the country agree.
Sign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Retweet if you agree: It's time the 24 states blocking Medicaid access for 5.7 million Americans put #PeopleOverPolitics.
The President is proposing a $30 billion investment to support our country's educators. #passthebill
After years without coverage, this Pittsburgh house painter signed up on the new marketplace:
"We know what change looks like. And what he's selling ain't it." President Obama on Mitt Romney's failed policies:
Joe Biden: "If you notice, he never answers the question." #DetailsMatter
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, more Americans don't have to worry about lifetime caps.
This week's address: how reform will immediately start building a new foundation for American families. Watch:
Reducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from @GinaEPA:
Follow @OFA today for more coverage of the gun violence petition delivery to Congress. #NotBackingDown #EarlyFF
I ve cut taxes for people who need it middle-class families, small business owners. President Obama
Snack time.
Watch live: President Obama delivers the commencement address at Barnard College in New York.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about the economy in Petersburg, Virginia.
Tonight the President talks about the need to #ActOnClimate on @YEARSofLIVING. Watch a short preview:
Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline:
I am a military wife with 6 children, and the added Pell Grant benefit has afforded our family to allow me to go back to school. Amy, FL
In DC voting No... "We should not give the President a blank check to continue down this same, disastrous path.
In Indianola, Iowa and heading to Des Moines
"What makes America special is our capacity to change." President Obama
Restoring unemployment insurance must be the top priority for Congress:
West Wing Week is your guide to everything that s happening at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Watch this week s episode:
President Obama and the First Lady speak to troops and military families at Fort Bragg. Watch live:
If you missed the live premiere of "The Road We've Traveled," you can watch the full thing here:
"At its best, the free market has never been a license to take whatever you want, however you can get it."
RT @TruthTeam2012: Mitt Romney s campaign doesn t know where he stands on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act:
Check out who joined together to call on House leaders to pass immigration reform:
Photos! Take a look at the new #Obama2012 gallery:
In Baltimore to speak on education and key budget priorities. Watch live at 10:20am ET.
Happy St. Patrick s Day! Today is last call for a limited-edition O Bama t-shirt:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals.
The election is in 67 days: Share GottaRegister _com with 10 friends to make sure they re registered to vote.
Here s the President of the United States, and he s asking me about my job this is just so cool.
Check this out: @OFA volunteers are gearing up to help get the word out for the next health care enrollment period.
In Nevada yesterday, President Obama spoke about the faith that we have in this nation.
At $175 a month, Keegan is pretty happy with his coverage:
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard but essential.
This #WomensEqualityDay, say you'll continue the fight for progress.
Deal expires at midnight: Become an @OFA founding member and be automatically entered for a free trip to D.C.
Obama on tax reform: Stop rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas &amp; start rewarding companies that create jobs here. #JobsNow
Join Obama Pride to stand with the President for an America that advances equality for everyone:
Thanks to the #ACA, 2.5 million young Americans have gained health insurance:
POTUS: What s holding us back from meeting this challenge _ is a stalemate in Washington between two fundamentally different views.
President Obama: "In America, your success shouldn t be determined by the circumstances of your birth."
President Obama: "I'm honored to be the first sitting president who has ever early voted."
The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system. #ImmigrationAction
States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change:
More than 76,000 people have already signed up for coverage through New York s health insurance marketplace:
Good news: Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions like "#Romnesia."
President Obama: "That s who we are. That's been the American story. We don t stand still. We look forward. We invent. We build."
Our economy added 295,000 jobs last month that's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job growth:
"After more than a year in which he said he was 'severely conservative,' Romney s trying to convince you that he was severely kidding.
President Obama on Iran: When I see the casualness with which some of these folks talk about war, I'm reminded of the costs of war."
Read how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators:
Take an advance look at what I'll ask of Congress on Tuesday:
Former President Bill Clinton on President Obama s decision to authorize the operation that killed Osama bin Laden:
45 days left before summer recess: Tell Republicans in Congress that inaction on jobs isn t an option.
Speaking live from Santiago, Chile. Watch at 3:20pm ET.
Bees.
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: We have been subsidizing oil companies for a century. That s long enough.
President Obama spoke from the Lincoln Memorial yesterday to honor the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington:
#FF: @whitehouse, @OpenGov, @StateDept, @whitehouseostp
Still fired up:
For weeks, an extreme minority halted America's progress. Tell Congress never let it happen again.
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now:
Photos of the day: President Obama examines the damage from Hurricane Irene in New Jersey.
"As Americans, we should be proud of this achievement." President Obama #IranDeal
At rally in Washington Square Park, NYC - Watch full event live now at
Watch live: First Lady Michelle Obama speaks about youth violence and guns in Chicago.
President Obama: For those of you who still need additional info about how to respond, you can go to
President Obama: "We've doubled the amount of renewable energy we generate from sources like wind and solar."
"About three in four Americans support raising the minimum wage." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Congress leaves for summer recess tomorrow, without having taken action to create jobs:
LIVE: The President is speaking to the Adas Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month.
The Republican debate just wrapped up check out the final scoreboard:
How can we help grow rural businesses? Here's a by-the-numbers look:
Photos of the day: A look back at Justice Sonia Sotomayor's swearing-in two years ago today.
Congress's inaction on unemployment insurance has affected millions. If you're one of them, tell your story:
Lawmakers in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion that would give millions coverage. It's time to put #PeopleOverPolitics.
"Alex wrote to tell me that the day after my State of the Union address, her boss gave her a raise." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Don't miss today's #ObamaTownHall with @BlogHer and @SheKnows in Charlotte at 2:35 p.m. ET:
There's a new deadline to #GetCovered. Enroll before January 15th and be covered starting February 1st:
"We take care of our own. We leave nobody behind." President Obama on the Hurricane Sandy anniversary #O29
Four more years:
Letter of the week: Carol from Utah sends what she can to support #Obama2012.
Just spoke at Cooper Union in NYC, called for immediate relief for the housing crisis & an additional $30 billion to jumpstart the economy.
"Millions of Americans now have the peace of mind that comes with health coverage." @MelodyCBarnes at the #ActionSummit
In Flint, MI. Holding a discussion on the economy. Watch it live at
Retweet if you believe in the importance of early childhood education.
I don t believe that firing teachers or kicking students off financial aid will grow the economy. President Obama
Photo of the Day: Vice President Biden swears in the 23rd secretary of defense, Leon Panetta.
President Obama: My vision is one that says we have to invest in our young people so they get the best education in the world.
"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025."
Only 17 days left to get out the vote which makes this the perfect weekend to volunteer:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Mitt Romney says it would be "marvelous" if Paul Ryan's budget passed ending Medicare as we know it.
In Philadelphia, PA. Debating tonight on ABC. Watch the debate at 8pm ET/PT and 7pm CT/MT. Text your thoughts to 62262 after.
Have you heard? Some members of Congress want to shut down the government over #Obamacare. Tell them no:
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change we can't afford not to act. Take a look: _
If you missed the President's press conference, he announced reduced refinancing fees that could help 2-3 million homeowners save money.
"We believe the economy grows from the middle class out, from the bottom up." President Obama in Colorado today:
DEADLINE: Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules.
.@pfeiffer44 on President Obama's economic speech tomorrow: "Tune in ... I don t think you ll be disappointed."
"Over the last 44 months, our businesses have created 7.8 million new jobs." President Obama #ABetterBargain
House GOP wants to slash renewable energy investments in half:
Watch live: President Obama holds a news conference.
Shout-outs to winners of our Mother's Day grassroots fundraising contest coming up!
A well-qualified #SCOTUS nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.
Opening the 2010 baseball season with the first pitch at Nationals Park today.
This victory belongs to all who fought to end #DADT. Let our allies in Congress know how grateful we are for their help:
This West Wing Week, watch the signing of the Small-Business Jobs Act and a conference call with college journalists.
If you don't have health insurance, #GetCovered today:
Speaking on the economy in Manitowoc, WI, as part of the White House to Main Street Tour. Watch live at 1pm ET:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about what s at stake for the middle class this fall.
This calculator will help estimate how much health insurance will cost you on the new marketplace:
You and a few friends can help pass health reform on your lunch break:
Today, we honor those who loved their country so much they sacrificed their lives for it. We owe them a debt we can never repay. -bo
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
If you're a young adult looking for health insurance on the new marketplace, you could #GetCovered for $50 a month.
Add your voice tell Tea Party Republicans to #EndThisNow:
Add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial:
Thank you for being a part of this campaign. Now let s go win this thing:
The President on $2 gas: "The American people aren t stupid _that s a bumper sticker, it s not a strategy to solve our energy challenges.
"Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." President Obama #SOTU
Read President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights Act:
Say you'll help in the final push for health care and you'll be entered for a chance to meet the President.
In Albuquerque, New Mexico. Discussing the need for equal pay. Watch this discussion live at
President Obama last week: "Is it just me or do we have to get our regular refs back?"
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins @VP Biden to discuss the #SCOTUS vacancy.
When it comes to gun violence prevention, nine in 10 Americans supported expanded background checks. #WhatWillItTake to get Congress to act?
Nearly 1 million more young Americans now have health insurance, thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
Watch a livestream of all the action from #DNC2012 starting now:
In Iowa this week and heading to the Iowa State Fair later this afternoon- Visit
Find out what President Obama's health care law means for you and your family with this easy-to-use tool:
Watch: Now is the time to #ActOnClimate.
As a #SumOrg12 fellow, you ll help protect our progress by organizing folks in your community. Apply now:
President Obama: I'm going to call on American companies all over the country to set up more apprenticeship programs. #OpportunityForAll
Virginia may be the next state in the march toward marriage equality. Here's how:
Every day is #LoveYourPetDay.
We have a choice between Romney Economics and an economy built to last. Stand with the President:
The United States just hit one million solar installations enough to power 5.5 million homes. #MillionSolarStrong
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of.
"We can either settle for a country where a shrinking number of people do really well, while a growing number of Americans barely get by."
The no. 1 thing you need to know about Paul Ryan: He's extremely conservative at the expense of the middle class.
Today is the last day to get your application in for the @OFA Summer Fellowship program:
Congratulations to all the Boston Marathon runners. #BostonStrong
President Obama: "When Gov. Romney s campaign was asked about the Lilly Ledbetter bill, they said they would get back to us." #SketchyDeal
Watch President Obama discuss his plans for the next four years and his mandate to help the middle class:
Republican plans for the economy will take us backward at a time when we need to keep America moving forward.
"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." President Obama #IranDeal
"Detroit always comes back." President Obama
"Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." President Obama
Nearly 60% of people who got insurance on the marketplace were uninsured now they have affordable coverage:
"Today I announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for American manufacturing." President Obama
President Obama: "No matter how tough times are, we're all in this together. We rise and fall as one nation, as one people."
Ten weeks until the election. RT if you re registered and excited to vote! If you re not, register here:
Turning back Citizens United loophole and restoring democracy must be priority for 2nd term. -Axe
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
No need for #FOMO. Enter now, for free, to meet the President:
FACT: Mitt Romney said he d be delighted to sign a bill outlawing abortion.
"At the end of the year, middle class tax cuts that are currently in place are set to expire." President Obama
If you help hire another organizer now, they'll have more time to do their job and reach more voters. Pitch in:
FACT: The Washington Post fact-checker called Romney s jobs claim a bait-and-switch, because the math doesn t add up.
Delivering remarks after touring the Chrysler auto plant in Detroit. Listen live at 12:15 pm ET.
Be at the forefront of the Affordable Care Act's success:
New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million Americans. Read more:
#ActionAugust week 1 recap: More GOP congressmen #StandWithOurFuture and support #immigration reform:
"Taxpayers deserve the biggest bang for their buck especially at a time when budgets are tight." President Obama #SmarterGov
"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." President Obama
Download this Quick Donate extension for Chrome so you can donate to #Obama2012 whenever you re inspired:
Eva found her golden ticket:
This West Wing Week: visits from the Danish prime minister, Irish taoiseach, and Chicago Blackhawks.
Watch President Obama discuss his fight for equal opportunity for women in the weekly address.
How Romney and Ryan would end Medicare as we know it:
Watch President Obama fire up the crowd in Richmond, VA:
"We should get tougher on people who buy guns with the express purpose of turning around and selling them to criminals." President Obama
Happy Valentine s Day, @michelleobama! Almost 28 years with you, but it always feels new.
Folks with Republican representatives in Missouri: Make sure your representative knows you support a compromise in the deficit debate.
"Every day across the country... there are people who are working as we speak to implement the affordable care act." President Obama
The scene at the President's stop in Maumee, Ohio this morning:
"If Congress won t act soon to protect future generations, I will." Today, President Obama takes action on #climate change.
Good news: Congress just passed legislation to prevent a student loan rate hike.
Don't wait another moment to add your name:
The #IranDeal has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts.
"Young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the world s greatest power." President Obama #Selma50
"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentences or get rid of them entirely." President Obama
The first waves of our rescue workers are on the ground and at work in #Haiti Watch today's update and learn how to help:
Delivering a statement on Egypt. Watch live at 3pm ET on
Obstruction especially when it comes to the Supreme Court is nothing to be proud of, @SenateMajLdr. #DoYourJob
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: You won't believe how quickly some people used to hit their lifetime limits for care.
"I want to lay a rock-solid foundation to make sure the kind of [housing] crisis we went through never happens again." President Obama
Coming tomorrow... RT @Messina2012: Just saw footage of the first "Dinner with Barack". You will love it, stay tuned.
Speaking on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act and a patient's bill of rights. Watch live at 11:45 am ET.
"I m looking forward to a Nationals-White Sox World Series."
Worth a read and a RT: Gun advocates and manufacturers support expanding background checks.
"I began to understand what citizenship meant not just words on a page." President Obama on community service #AmeriCorps20
New Mexico &amp; Colorado, RT this: Polls close at 7pm MT, and you can vote as long as you're in line by then. #StayInLine
Mitt Romney stands by what he said, whatever it was :
Read the President's full statement on the Keystone XL Pipeline:
Mitt Romney claims he created more jobs as Mass. governor than President Obama has created. Here's the reality:
RT if you agree that providing undocumented immigrants with a fair path to earned citizenship is a must for common-sense #ImmigrationReform.
The American people don t want to put the insurance industry back in the driver s seat. Make your voice heard:
Learn more about how the new law will hold Wall Street accountable and provide the strongest consumer protections ever.
"Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy."
It's all hands on deck before March 31st. Help finish this fight:
Check out Secretary of State @JohnKerry's op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the #IranDeal.
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027.
What s been holding us back is a stalemate in Washington between two fundamentally different views of which direction we should take.
Check this off your bucket list.
Excited to join supporters in Chicago for a Moving America Forward rally. Watch live at home beginning at 6:45pm ET.
LIVE: President Obama is answering questions from @smartereveryday, @sWooZ1e, and @ingridnilsen.
"America is a place where you can write your own destiny." President Obama #LoveWins
RT @OFA_VA: Fired up and #ReadytoGo see @BarackObama in Richmond? Make this your profile pic:
"From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." President Obama
Follow @OFA today for live updates from the founders' summit of Organizing for Action.
POTUS: I will offer you what I believe is a path that grows this economy, creates more good jobs, and strengthens the middle class.
You could celebrate in Chicago at @OFA's birthday party for President Obama:
We were there, we remember, and we are not going back. We re moving this country forward.
In case you missed it President Obama was fired up talking college affordability at UNC today:
LAST CHANCE: Donate before tonight's midnight deadline.
This is why the Affordable Care Act matters. Watch:
"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." President Obama
"It is great to be in the state that gave us Joe Biden." President Obama
The White House's Stephanie Cutter explains the cost of repealing health reform for American families and our economy:
Today is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here:
In Singapore, continuing the visit to Asia. Watch trip updates by staff on the @WhiteHouse blog:
How the Romney-Ryan campaign lost its own credibility in five easy steps:
"While it s critical to keep cutting wasteful spending, we can t just cut our way to prosperity." President Obama
President Obama traveled to South Africa to honor the late Nelson Mandela. Watch him speak at the memorial service:
Just 10 days left before summer recess, and Congress still hasn t acted on jobs. Tell them to get to work:
"We want to invest in your future." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
FACT: Under Obamacare, you will not have to pay for preventive care like vaccinations and mammograms. #ObamacareIsWorking
Join the @OFA Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter:
Watch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change.
It's time to do better by working families. Let's #LeadOnLeave.
The #ACA lifted lifetime caps on health care for 105 million Americans so coverage will be there when they need it.
Here's the truth: @MichelleObama is still the best Valentine.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BuzzFeed about his #SCOTUS nominee, Judge Merrick Garland.
"March 31st is the cutoff date." President Obama #Asegurate #LastCall2014
The gap in Medicare prescription drug coverage is shrinking by 40% thanks to the ACA:
President Obama on Romney: "When folks started crunching the numbers, his jobs plan fell apart even faster than his tax plan."
Romney told a group of wealthy donors that 47% of Americans see themselves as victims who are entitled to handouts:
POTUS: If you make more than $1 million annually, then you should pay at least the same percent of your income as middle-class families.
$3 means a lot to this campaign and it could also get you a seat across the table from the President:
This is cause for celebration:
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the second annual White House Science Fair.
We must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals. #LoveIsLove
A crush of hugs in Orlando today:
Hear @MichelleObama talk about her family s first few weeks in the White House:
"I will stand with Israel if they are attacked." President Obama
The President is taking steps to save energy and money. Click to see more. #ActOnClimate
"The Affordable Care Act is still open for business." President Obama on @Obamacare
Find out how the America Invents Act is updating the patent process for the 21st century.
Watch: You have a role to play this month.
It all comes down to this: Committing to vote. Do it now:
Republican leadership is once again using every tactic they can to prevent the DISCLOSE Act from even coming up for a vote.
Read these stories from working moms and see why we need to #FixOvertime:
Make your voice heard during the congressional recess. Pledge to be a part of #ActionAugust:
If you have a kid or a friend who d love nothing more than to shoot hoops with the President, enter to make it happen:
Obama: "All of this will cause a ripple effect across the economy. Layoffs and pay cuts mean that people will have less money to spend."
VP Biden on Paul Ryan: He sent me 2 letters saying, By the way, can you send me some stimulus money for companies here in WI?
Of January donations to #Obama2012, 98% were $250 or less. Thanks to everyone who pitched in.
Cool:
Good news: A new report shows how @Obamacare will save the country $190B over ten years.
Supporters around the country have been sharing their favorite campaign memories, and what President Obama's re-election means to them.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about health care enrollment.
The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearing add your name if you agree.
Here s what it would mean for thousands of students if Congress made taxes fairer and passed the #BuffettRule:
Decisions are upon us, and we cannot afford delay.
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the Federal Trade Commission about tackling consumer privacy.
OFA needs your help to knock on 200,000 doors in 48 hours. Can you host a Moving America Forward canvass August 28 or 29?
President Obama: "We can t let political paralysis around the budget stand in the way of other areas where we can make progress."
The @WhiteHouse will work immediately w/ bipartisan Congressional leaders to develop a forceful response to this decision
President Obama will start answering questions about middle class tax cuts in 10 minutes on @WhiteHouse get your questions in with #My2K!
The #PatientsBillofRights removes insurance company barriers to receiving emergency health services.
"What we also have been able to do is position ourselves so we can start rebuilding America, and that s what my plan does." President Obama
"I've got a lot of fight in me right now. I'm fired up, and I'm ready to go. But I need you. Only you can keep this country moving forward."
"Too many Americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." President Obama on overtime pay
Great news: The U.S. economy grew at a 4% rate in the second quarter of 2014. Read more:
Speaking truth to power: Constituents are confronting their representatives about trying to repeal #Obamacare.
"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." President Obama
At the Detroit Economic Club Talking about the need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
Retweet if you want the House of Representatives to solve real problems, not create new ones. #immigration
Tell @SpeakerBoehner: End this #TeaPartyShutdown.
"The world needs a strong America and it is stronger now than when I came into office." #StrongerWithObama
This election could come down to just a few thousand votes. Pick up a shift and head to a phone bank near you:
What it will cost the typical working family if the middle class tax cuts are allowed to expire:
This West Wing Week: the traditional Thanksgiving turkey pardon and a NATO summit in Portugal.
"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." President Obama #ACAWorks
We will do whatever is necessary to protect and restore the Gulf Coast and to help those whose livelihoods have been disrupted or destroyed.
Find out all about @OFA's plans for the August congressional recess, and how you can be part of it:
"That s what this movement was all about one leg in our long journey toward freedom." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
RT @OFA_NV: Hey #Nevada volunteers: Share your favorite birthday house meeting moments from today by tweeting at us with #bo50.
Chip in to fight for real, lasting change:
For 5-year-old Isaac, Obamacare means opportunity:
It's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. Sign @OFA's card for President Obama:
Turkey. Candles. Health insurance. Make your holiday weekend count:
"These cuts don t have to happen. Congress can turn them off anytime with just a little compromise."
Say you'll be a part of the fight to #RaiseTheWage:
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland:
Watch at 8 p.m. ET: President Obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration:
Stand with the President's decision on the Keystone XL oil pipeline:
Get involved again, and help people #GetCovered:
"I ve seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." President Obama #SOTU
After live-tweeting the #SOTU on Tuesday night, we looked at retweet stats to get an (unscientific) sense of Twitter's favorite bits.
President Obama will honor 50 years of Dr. King's dream by speaking at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow:
To all those gathered in celebration today, Merry Christmas.
"Growing inequality isn t just morally wrong; it s bad economics." President Obama
Stand up with President Obama:
Read the latest op-ed from @vj44 about the importance of paid family leave:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the #TPP will put American workers first.
FACT: President Obama s student loan reform freed up more than $60 billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. #progress
Being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the _
FACT: No one can be denied coverage because of their current or past health.
President Obama on why we need Congress to act now to extend tax cuts for middle-class Americans:
Hello, 2016.
Join the President in wishing a very happy Mother s Day to the First Mom, @MichelleObama:
"Beginning in January, no American will be denied health coverage because of their HIV status." President Obama
"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." President Obama to @OFA supporters
"We had over 4,000 people apply to be part of the OFA Fellows program." @OFA Executive Director Jon Carson at the #ActionSummit
Appearing on @TheDailyShow from D.C. today. Don t miss tonight s episode at 11pm ET.
If you support the President and care about clean energy, clean air, and clean water here s a page you ll want to like:
RT @alli_hanson @BarackObama Ending war in Iraq means that my son might grow up in a peacetime America. Thank you Mr. President.
"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." President Obama on climate change #ActOnClimate
Don t let climate change deniers set us back. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan:
Don't let Congress off the hook: Use #ImmigrationStory to share how your family came here and why we need immigration reform now.
FACT: The U.S. has enough wind turbines online to power nearly 13 million homes or as many as in NV, CO, WI, VA, AL and CT combined.
President Obama: "Over those 100 days or so, more than 100 times as many Americans have fallen victim to gun violence." #DemandAction
This Labor Day, know that I m going to keep fighting to turn this economy around, put our people back to work, and renew the American Dream.
FACT: Mitt Romney's tax plan would raise taxes on at least 18 million middle-class Americans while giving millionaires a 25% tax cut.
POTUS: I don t want the energy jobs of tomorrow going to other countries. I want them here in the United States of America.
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the importance of taking action on #immigration reform. Tune in here:
Let's. Go. Hawks.
Having lunch with Michelle & talking with working families in Indianapolis, then heading to Bloomington for a rally at Indiana University.
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." President Obama
POTUS: You can agree to turn back the clock 50 years for women, immigrants, gays, and lesbians or you can decide to keep moving forward.
Consumers and small businesses are expected to receive $1.3 billion in rebates from health insurers this summer:
Co-sign Lilly Ledbetter's letter to Mitt Romney, asking him to take a stand for #EqualPay:
Check out our brand-new logo t-shirt:
The Jobs and Economic Growth Forum is taking place at the @WhiteHouse today. Watch the events streamed live:
Yesterday Elena Kagan began the process to become the fourth woman to serve on the Supreme Ct. Watch her opening remarks:
The stakes are enormous if we don't get this done, your premiums are guaranteed to go up.
"A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." President Obama
@mailerodriguez Grassroots fundraisers like you are building the foundation for #Obama2012 every day. Thank you for spreading the word.
RT @MichelleObama: Thanks to the Google Art Project, you can visit the @WhiteHouse whenever you like:
POTUS: This is a country that s always been on the cutting edge and the reason is that America s always had the most daring entrepreneurs.
Governor @DevalPatrick attended the #OFASummit on Monday. Read what he has to say about @Obamacare:
Hey Congress ---&gt; More than 9 in 10 Americans support background checks for ALL gun sales and it's #TimeToAct.
At the halfway point, we ve got one backtrack and two double-downs.
Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post.
is asking you to honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr by volunteering in your area. Visit
The #TeaPartyShutdown stopped funding to Head Start programs, keeping 7,000 children out of school:
"Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues.
98% of the donations the campaign received in May were less than $250, and the average donation was $54.94.
Say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change:
This is a new record-breaking level: In 2013, vehicle mileage averaged 24.1 miles per gallon.
President Obama on our energy future: We need an all-of-the-above strategy that develops every source of American energy.
Americans around the country are sticking with President Obama because he s moving our economy forward:
Just a few days left to enter #DinnerWithBarack what would you talk about over a meal with the President?
This is how you can fight back against special interests' and polluters' anti-climate agenda:
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out.
Need to keep your soda cold? @VP's got you covered. Literally.
The deadline to #GetCovered is coming up fast. Don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you:
The GottaVote Weekend of Action got off to a great start this morning check out some of the highlights:
Good news: The minimum wage is on the rise in several states and cities across the country.
The #PatientsBillofRights prohibits setting lifetime limits on insurance policies issued or renewed after Sept. 23, 2010.
Nelson Mandela has changed the arc of history, transforming his country, continent, and the world.
"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." President Obama #ACAWorks
In Minnesota, @OFA organizers are turning up the heat on lawmakers this summer, says the Star Tribune:
President Obama signs one of Luz s drawings during her family s visit to the White House:
There is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power. President Obama #IranDeal
This week, the President announced new initiatives to get veterans back to work and new fuel economy standards:
Janette s husband and two kids are healthy but before the #ACA, routine medical bills cost them thousands every year:
Romney in a landslide?
New audio post: Field organizers across the country called in to explain why they joined #Obama2012.
We know 2012 will be a big year for the whole Obama family. Wish them luck on the road ahead with a quick note:
The President's bracket is looking pretty strong but you can still win bragging rights by picking the winner:
There are only 4 days left to tell your friends and family why they should #GetCoveredNow:
Shout-out from Springfield, Virginia:
In Los Angeles, CA. Going to be on NBC's Tonight Show with Jay Leno tonight. Check local listings for exact time.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, insurers can no longer deny health coverage to people because they have autism. #WorldAutismAwarenessDay
A hug in Davenport, Iowa yesterday:
Teachers around the country share why it s so critical to re-elect President Obama:
"Where the clock is really ticking right now is on middle class taxes."
Watch the VP debate at 9pm ET tonight and cheer on Joe. Also remind your friends to visit
President Obama urges the Senate to move forward on the American Jobs Act. Watch live:
"Opportunity is what America is all about." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
I am here for the millions of lives that will be touched and, in some cases, saved, by health insurance reform. #iamherefor
There are only #2DaysLeft to get health coverage on January 1st. Don't wait any longer: #GetCovered.
"We want our kids privacy protected no matter where they sign on." President Obama #Cybersecurity
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about the stark choice we face in this election.
If you can support President Obama with a donation today, please know it makes a huge difference:
Bo and Sunny help train the #PuppyBowl athletes at 3:00 pm ET. #LetsFetch (h/t @AnimalPlanet)
"We are a nation of opportunity, of immigrants, of hope." Alexis R.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new initiative called "My Brother's Keeper" for young men of color. Watch here:
Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources:
This is your chance.
It takes courage to share your story.
Climate change deniers, take note: The vast majority of Americans agree that it's time to #ActOnClimate.
If you re in line when the polls close, stay in line to vote. It could help make the difference.
The doctor is in.
Worth a read and a RT: President Obama's plan for a clean and secure energy future.
From beekeepers in Oregon to air traffic controllers in Montana, a snapshot of this campaign's 4,000,000 donors:
"The American car industry sold more cars last year than any time since 2007." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
This is a huge step forward. #UnitedOnClimate
On this day in 2008, Senator Kennedy endorsed then-Senator Obama as the candidate who shared his vision for America:
If you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition:
President Obama: "I said I would end the war in Iraq, and I did." #PromiseKept
#EnoughAlready. RT @OFA: Retweet if you agree: This is completely backward.
#MarriageEquality for all:
"First, it's time for Congress to require a universal background check for anyone trying to buy a gun." President Obama
Join HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius for a live video chat on health reform today at 5:15pm ET:
This Thanksgiving, we're celebrating the progress we ve made over the past three years. What are you most thankful for?
RT this image if you support clean energy that s #MadeInAmerica:
Met with two volunteers who brought the names of 1.1 million co-signers of health reform to the White House. Watch:
FACT: Thanks to the President s health care law, 3.1 million more young Americans under age 26 have health coverage. #progress
President Obama ended the Iraq war. Romney would have left 30,000 troops there, and called bringing them home tragic :
President Obama: "I kind of like the term Obamacare. Because I do care. That s why I passed the bill."
Heads up.
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about U.S. intelligence gathering programs.
Meet Mary, John, and their dog Bailey who shouldn t pay a higher tax rate than millionaires:
RT @BenLaBolt: Side by Side: Say Anything Mitt on Contraceptive Coverage:
You won't want to miss this.
RT @JoeBiden: Joe spells out why organizing for #Obama2012 now will make all the difference in November:
We support you because you believe in the very essence of the dream we are living.
"When I took office, we decided to focus on the business of rebuilding our economy." President Obama #InnovationNation
In New York, NY. At an event with Senator Clinton and Caroline Kennedy. Watch it live stream at
"Poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job." President Obama
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ain t bad, either." President Obama #SOTU
You can be covered on January 1st the deadline to enroll is just around the corner:
"Last year, our elementary and middle school students had the highest math and reading scores on record." President Obama #AmericaLeads
"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." President Obama #OFAFallSummit
Speaking about innovation at Intel in Hillsboro, Oregon. Watch live at 2:35pm ET.
During Domestic Violence Awareness Month, the #TeaPartyShutdown has stopped aid to some 2,000 shelters for victims:
Ever wanted to ask President Obama about his first date with Michelle? His hardest moment? You can't miss this video:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
The economy added 223,000 jobs in April that's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
We ll follow along as the candidates backtrack, double down, and fail to mention important issues at all.
Republican op-ed from @nytimes on #climate change: "There is no time to waste."
Under President Obama, we ve accomplished a lot and tomorrow's our chance to finish what we started:
President Obama: "I believe in you, and I need you to keep believing in me."
If you re thinking about how you can help get out the vote, add this to tonight's calendar:
Start your engines the big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in:
A reminder for Congress about why they need to act to reduce gun violence now. #VoteGunSense,
Past shutdowns have disrupted the economy, and this one would be no different. Tell Congress to do its job:
Before the Affordable Care Act, Isaac hit his lifetime coverage limit in a year. #WhatRepealMeans
Do your part to make change possible:
No family should have to set aside a college acceptance letter because they don t have the money. President Obama
FACT: Since President Obama took office, America has tripled electricity production from wind power. #ActOnClimate
"We ll keep working to help all our veterans translate their skills and leadership into jobs here at home." President Obama #SOTU
It's here: Your chance at a free trip to D.C. to meet the President backstage.
RT @TheEllenShow: I stand with the President. No, really. With @BarackObama and @OFA_CA at a #Pride2012 event in LA!
"We've covered 17.6 million Americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." President Obama #OFAFallSummit
This election is too important #dontwait (and please RT).
President Obama on the impact workers have had on our country:
Now is the time to step up and support serious action to fight climate change:
"I've always appreciated the hospitality that Packers Country gives a Bears fan." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by.
No. 42. He hit it out of the park. #JackieRobinsonDay
Don't let the House fail to fix our broken #immigration system. #TimeIsNow, add your name:
President Obama on health care, "Neither illness nor accident should threaten the dreams you ve worked a lifetime to build." #ABetterBargain
Volunteers from @OFA are dedicated to helping folks #GetCovered. Help them by answering a few questions:
In Fairfax, Virginia: A kid for Obama.
Remind them who they work for.
I don t believe that firing teachers or kicking students off financial aid will grow the economy or help us compete. President Obama
Cecile Richards on President Obama: "He has a strong record we can trust."
We are a nation founded by immigrants, and in this lies our strength. Gila S.
This is your movement: Chip in $5 or more today to be a founding member of Organizing for Action.
Bill from Virginia shares how President Obama s Recovery Act helped him start his small business:
If Romney had his way and repealed the #ACA, millions of Americans could lose access to preventive health services:
Millions of Americans still need to get health insurance this is your chance to make an impact:
Today is one of the most important fundraising deadlines of this campaign so far. Pitch in $3 before midnight:
FACT: Under #ACA, insurance companies are required to spend 80-85% of premium dollars on medical care and health care quality improvement.
RT if you agree: We can t afford Romney s plan to pay for new tax cuts for the wealthy by raising taxes on the middle class.
Have you checked out Tweet for Jobs? Take a minute today to ask your legislators to pass the American Jobs Act:
Saddened to hear about the passing of Lena Horne, a great entertainer and a tireless worker for justice and equality.
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to give America a raise.
President Obama's reaction to Rep. Todd Akin's comments: "Rape is rape."
Comprehensive immigration reform is a moral imperative and a security imperative. @Cecilia44 #StandWithOurFuture
Massachusetts tried Romney Economics it didn t work:
"The organizing efforts of progressive volunteers and supporters are making a difference."
President Obama believed in Toledo autoworkers. Watch highlights from @VP Biden s campaign stop in Ohio last week:
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. #DoYourJob
"This law is doing what it's supposed to do. It's working. It's helping people from coast to coast." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
Hosting small-business owners & speaking on the importance of small businesses in our economy. Watch live @ 11:15 am ET:
Ready for #ImmigrationAction.
This weekend is one of the last chances to get out the vote pick up a shift for the President:
Before #Obamacare, health insurance was something that could max out:
Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out more:
Today s the deadline to register to vote in several states. Take a minute to fill out your form then mail it in today:
FACT: President Obama has signed 18 tax cuts that are helping small businesses grow and create jobs. #progress
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
On the passing of Senator Lautenberg: "He improved the lives of countless Americans." President Obama
Our new "Change Is" t-shirt features some of the President's accomplishments printed on the back:
The #CostOfInaction on immigration reform? More than $10 billion:
The ten things you should know about the Romney-Ryan view of women s health and women s rights:
Watch the full video of President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Dinner:
If you re wondering what it s like in the White House Situation Room or how it felt to pass the #ACA, ask @DavidAxelrod using #RoadTraveled.
One for your bookmarks: Keeping His Word, a new source for facts about President Obama's record.
RT @TheDemocrats: This crowd is fired up and #ReadyToGo:
There's just a few hours left to #GetCovered for 2016:
The President is heading to Cleveland tomorrow to lay out the choice we face on the economy this fall forward or back.
RT @BenLaBolt: VIDEO: He said it -- Mitt Romney promises to fire teachers, police officers, firemen.
Under Romney-Ryan's plan, millionaires get tax breaks and middle-class families get to pay for them. See for yourself:
"We passed health care reform aka Obamacare so insurance companies can't jerk you around anymore." President Obama
After you vote, tell your Facebook friends I voted.
Today is your last chance to get an O Bama shirt in time for St. Patrick s Day:
It's #NBAFinals time. Who do you like Heat or Spurs?
This weekend, @OFA volunteers are just getting started don't miss your chance to take part in #ActionAugust. Join in:
"Right now, our most immediate priority is stopping a tax hike on 160 million working Americans while the recovery is still fragile."
The White House just joined Twitter. Follow @whitehouse to get updates on the H1N1 flu and other top issues.
By the end of this weekend, we ll only be 100 days out from Election Day. Make them count:
President Obama: "My attitude coming into office was that we are going to insist that China plays by the same rules as everybody else."
Speaking on the need to fix our broken immigration system through immigration reform. Watch live at 10:45 am ET.
Romney claims to support keeping student loan rates low yet backs a budget that doubles them:
We ve just launched a new version of our site check it out:
Want to meet the President ... for free? Enter now through @OFA:
President Obama: I ll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. #SOTU
"I want to make it clear to the American people that we can still bring about meaningful changes that reduce gun violence." President Obama
68 days until the election get your #Obama2012 bumper sticker here:
If you still need a free #Obama2012 bumper sticker, pick your favorite here:
New @amprog report finds "a clear link between weak gun laws &amp; high levels of gun violence" in the U.S.
See what it s like to work for the President, through the eyes of a volunteer:
In America, a higher education cannot be a luxury reserved for just a privileged few.
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing. #DoYourJob
Follow @WeNeedNine for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. #FF
#FollowFriday: @OFA_OH as they fight to protect voting rights in the Buckeye State.
President Clinton on President Obama: We need to keep going with his plan.
FACT: In 2011, the President's Small Business Jobs Act made 4.5 million small businesses eligible for larger tax breaks on new investments.
Chuck Todd: If you were scoring as a debate coach, you d say, Boy, the guy who controlled that debate was Joe Biden.
RT @OFA_VA: RT @tommanatos: @DWStweets firing up and organizing women in Virginia for @BarackObama on Super Tuesday.
Why Nancy gives: I believe in the America he wants for my grandchildren.
Stand up for the issues you believe in. It's the last day to chip in before the deadline:
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." President Obama #SOTU
In Columbus,MS & wondering how somebody who's in second place is offering the vice presidency to the person who's in first place. Vote Tues!
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explore from sea to shining sea. #FindYourPark
Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former addict:
We asked, you answered: Why do you support the American Jobs Act? Read some of our favorite responses:
Joshua just bought his own health insurance for the first time. Guess how little he's paying:
POTUS on Romney's tax plan: "They have tried to sell this trickle-down snake oil before. It didn t work then, it won t work now.
Excited by winning the Wyoming Caucus and looking forward to Mississippi's Democratic Primary on Tuesday. Visit
FACT: Under Obama, U.S. carbon pollution emissions have fallen to their lowest level in nearly 2 decades and we need to do more. #OFAClimate
Tune in at 11:40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help #StopGunViolence:
Support President Obama and his commitment to jobs for America's veterans
The fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the #ParisAgreement.
President Obama: Deadlines on taxes and deficits are "coming up very soon, in the coming weeks."
President Obama on the Paycheck Fairness Act, up for a vote today: "This is more than just about fairness."
It's time for the House of Representatives to #ActOnReform.
"America prevailed because we chose to move forward as one nation. Again, we are tested. And again we must answer history s call." #SOTU
Despite attempts to chip away at Roe v. Wade, the decision marks a historic victory for women's health. #Roe41 #StandWithWomen
No one who works full time in America should have to raise a family in poverty. Tell Congress to #RaiseTheWage:
I don t have much to give, but I donated because I want to see President Obama keep doing what he s doing."
There are currently no national rules limiting carbon pollution from power plants. You can help change that:
President Obama in Ohio: "The choice in this election could not be clearer, and the stakes could not be bigger."
In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress.
We will defend our people and uphold our values through strength of arms and rule of law. President Obama
Do your part now to support the final push for health care in 2014:
Volunteers have been reaching out to supporters over the phone and in their communities, logging over 290,000 conversations. #Obama2012
RT @danieldburgess: Here's Patrick an @OFA_MA volunteer in #Cambridge making #maprimary calls for @BarackObama -
"Let's make sure anyone who is working full time isn't living in poverty." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #RaiseTheWage
It's time to work together to get people covered. Join Team Obamacare:
Have you signed the #RaiseTheWage petition yet?
Cutting back on teachers is the last thing we should be doing as a country. We should be hiring more teachers. President Obama
In Pahrump, NV at a Stand for Change Rally. Heading to Reno, Fallon & Carson City tomorrow. For info visit
#ImmigrationReform could be a "boon" for the housing market, generating 3 million new home buyers. More via @nytimes:
FACT: 71% of Americans favor increasing the minimum wage. Read more:
"When you are in traffic congestion because of poor planning and infrastructure, that's a cost to you." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
The world is standing #UnitedOnClimate. It's time to act.
Add your name to support taking action on climate change:
FACT: Thanks to health care reform, 105 million Americans no longer have lifetime limits on their insurance coverage. #progress
William, a student at Georgetown, explains why FDR and Eisenhower would support President Obama's jobs plan:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Be sure to follow @OFA_NC today and tomorrow for updates from the ground on the President's visit.
The Voter Registration Weekend of Action is getting started right now. Find an event near you:
FACT: Gov. Romney left Massachusetts a billion-dollar deficit and the highest debt per person of any state in the country.
This is not just a Latino issue. This is an American issue. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
RT @jeremybird: Are you #ReadytoGo? Experience the first rallies of #Obama2012 live tomorrow at 12:30pm ET:
Spoke in San Diego, CA today at the National Council of La Raza's Annual Conference. Full video at:
Let's fight for progress next year:
New report: Renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time.
We'll be live-tweeting the President's remarks at @Obama2012.
"The world has witnessed one sure and steadfast truth: Americans refuse to be terrorized." President Obama
Pennsylvania Republican reps on Twitter: @repjoepitts (PA-16), @reptimmurphy (PA-18).
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a firehouse in Oso, Washington, regarding the mudslide. Watch here:
RT @OFA_NY: Just had a surprise visit from Vice Pres. Biden who told us we need to make 50K calls tonight. Can you help?
A clear majority of Americans opposes the House's demand to defund #Obamacare or shut down the government.
This could be you. Make the pledge today for a chance to meet the President.
Some of the messages of thanks, encouragement, and inspiration that came in yesterday:
RT @OFA_FL: Today s the day! Join us at a house meeting near you:
If you ve got the President s back, add your name here:
Mitt Romney would take a lot of credit for the comeback of the auto industry. Another case of Romney vs. Reality:
Carry what you need while organizing for change.
Mitt Romney has millions stored in offshore tax havens like the Cayman Islands. RT if you agree he should close them:
The stage is set tune in tonight.
POTUS: If you do well, the economy does well. This is about the economy. You are the economy. #DontDoubleMyRate
President Obama speaks at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial dedication. Watch live:
"This is going to be a year of action, so I'm not going to wait." President Obama #ActionSummit
The President is launching a new initiative called "My Brother's Keeper." Watch the announcement at 3:25 p.m. ET:
Have you ever had a family dinner like this?
If the President can make time to vote early, you should too. This is how it s done:
Our cities were not as safe, not as clean, larger class sizes. MA mayors on Romney s term as governor:
See your name here:
RT @sophreakincool @BarackObama Means I could probably have a savings account or begin paying my parents back for school loans.
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration. #DoYourJobFriday
An uninsured father with a cancer diagnosis could have been a short, sad story. Thanks to the #ACA, it s not:
RT @marcallangrimes @BarackObama YES! General Motors provided a good life for my father and his family! Thanks for the save! #GMisBACK
Enough is enough. Say it's time for Senate leaders to get to work:
Election Day is just a week away. If you've already cast your ballot, let your friends know:
How would President Obama and Mitt Romney s tax plans impact your family? Find out with this new tax calculator:
The President on the economy this morning: "The recovery is speeding up. And we've got to do everything in our power to keep it going."
Retweet if you agree: "Rising inequality and declining mobility are bad for our democracy." President Obama #ABetterBargain
It's time: #With1010, both the economy and American workers get a hand.
"40 meaningless votes to repeal Obamacare is not a jobs plan ... So let's get serious." President Obama #ABetterBargain
LIVE: President Obama delivers remarks about improving health care quality and access for veterans.
This is really cool: Use a new tool to commit to vote and get your friends to do the same:
We've been asking a lot of you, and you've delivered. Thank you. Here's a quick reminder of what we're fighting for:
FACT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands but they STILL aren't required for all gun sales.
Keep track of campaign milestones with the #Obama2012 calendar:
Get a pair of our new Obama! buttons for $5:
"I am currently in 8th grade and I have two teachers that have changed my life." -Eva
Update on attempted Christmas Day terrorist attack and our next steps to ensure safety and security:
"Do something. That's my big motto for Congress right now." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
President Obama: This election is about our economic future.
President Obama: "America will complete its mission in Afghanistan and achieve our objective of defeating the core of al Qaeda."
Thankful. #TBT
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." Martin Luther King, Jr.
With gratitude for the lives they led:
"These countries can t develop if young women are not given the kind of education that they need." President Obama
Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to apply:
The House won't stop playing games with our economy. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
President Obama s student loan reform freed up more than $60 billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. #progress
Read President Obama's op-ed in the @WSJ on the need for Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy:
President Obama on Romney's tax plan: "I think math, common sense, and our history shows us that s not a recipe for job growth."
I strongly believe that we should take on, once and for all, the issue of illegal immigration. #SOTU
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today:
Patti is saving $100 a month on health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
We set a goal of 600,000 grassroots donations for convention week we only need 10,000 more by midnight. Pitch in $5?
FACT: Obama's clean fuel standards would prevent tens of thousands of asthma attacks and save billions of dollars in lost productivity.
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing, add your name:
A special West Wing Week from Sudan:
We re less than a year out from Election Day. Take a moment to say you re in for #Obama2012:
I'm heading to Congress to present them with the American Jobs Act. Please watch and join me in urging them to act. BO
"To help move this process along, today I m laying out my ideas for immigration reform." President Obama
The President and First Lady wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays:
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. #DoYourJob
Americans are frustrated with the #TeaPartyShutdown, and they're sending a clear message to @SpeakerBoehner:
If you think America deserves a raise, let your senators know:
This is no time to sit on the sidelines. Do your part to help Americans get covered:
"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past. President Obama #IranDeal
President Obama on getting Congress to act: "Nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for change."
Retweet if you think health care repealers need to stop trying to take health care benefits away from millions. #WhatRepealMeans
#FF @Madeleine. Welcome to Twitter, Madam Secretary.
But we know the most important figure here is the number of people like you who stepped up to be a part of this from the start. Thank you.
2012 Battleground States Director Mitch Stewart gives a video briefing on our summer organizing strategy.
In Kansas City, MO. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
New photos: Behind the scenes at the White House this November.
"Equal Pay Day means that a woman has to work about this far into 2014 in order to earn what a man earned in 2013." President Obama
LAST CHANCE: Sign this holiday card for President Obama before it's too late.
We've got a crucial fundraising deadline tomorrow night. Can you do your part by chipping in $5?
RT @PaulWilczynski: Since 6/09, the auto industry has added 170,000 jobs.
Middle-class tax cuts who they help, and why President Obama is fighting for them:
President Obama: I promised to cut taxes for small business owners and we have, 18 times.
RT this if Romney would raise your taxes if elected (in other words, if you re like 95% of Americans):
Romney thinks it s fair for multimillionaires like himself to pay a lower tax rate than many middle-class families:
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance.
FACT: Obama's balanced plan reduces the deficit by cutting waste and closing tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate change and what's left to do.
Here's your chance: Tell President Obama what you're most thankful for in person.
The President s picks are in. Check out his bracket and find out who he s picked to go all the way:
Now taking nominations for the Citizen's Medal one of the highest civilian honors in our nation. Nominate an everyday hero:
Shawn thanks President Obama for making the American dream finally become a reality for his family:
POTUS on clean energy jobs: "These jobs aren t a fad. These are good jobs, and they re a source of pride that we need to fight for."
Be a part of tonight s #DashboardLive messaging strategy session. It starts at 8:30pm ET, and you can RSVP here:
"America doesn't stand still. There is work to be done." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Take a second to share your thoughts on the speech here:
President Clinton: "The claim that President Obama weakened welfare reform s work requirement is just not true."
POTUS: Gov. Romney and his allies in Congress _ They think we should go back to the top-down economic policies of the last decade.
Who will take home the title of #ChampionDenier? Vote now:
FACT: Mitt Romney supports Paul Ryan s budget, which could cut education funding by 20%, forcing some students into more crowded classrooms.
This campaign is about every American having a place at the table. In this case, the President is saving you a seat:
Arlen Specter changed lives through years of service in the Senate with toughness, resolve, and fierce independence. He will be missed. -bo
Stand with President Obama for an America built to last:
"Reality has rendered it's judgement: Trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." President Obama
A special thanks to all the @OFA volunteers who called out #climate deniers yesterday, demanding Congress take action on climate change.
I made a pledge to the American people as a candidate for this office and tonight the American combat mission in Iraq has ended.
"This country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." President Obama #SOTU
"America needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Must-read: The federal bailout that saved Mitt Romney.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about the economy in Ohio.
Just spoke with a new generation of community organizers on a Summer Organizer Program training call. Follow their progress on #SumOrg11.
Obama: "10 days from now, Congress might allow a series of automatic, severe budget cuts to take place that will do the exact opposite."
Spoke early today in Virginia about changing our health care system. Watch the full speech at
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice we face in this election.
Reform will hold Wall Street accountable, so we can help prevent another financial crisis like the one that we re still recovering from.
These two:
Our thoughts & prayers are with the families & friends of the workers who lost their lives in a West Virginia mining accident yesterday.
Thanks to #Obamacare, health insurance providers will no longer be able to discriminate against LGBT Americans.
How President Obama's emergency loans to GM and Chrysler have helped the auto industry recover:
We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable. #ActOnClimate
Climate change is about more than data. It's about people. Watch the trailer for "Years of Living Dangerously":
Add your name today if you're #Ready4Reform tell the House of Representatives to get it done:
The calls you make today will have a major impact on who votes in six days. Can you reach out to voters tonight?
Our take: Romney will try to sell the legend of his business experience tonight. One problem it s a huge distortion:
Thanks to everyone who's chipped in this quarter to continue building this organization the right way one grassroots donation at a time.
POTUS: Higher education is not a luxury anymore. It s an economic necessity that every family should be able to afford."
President Obama and President Lee Myung-bak of the Republic of Korea hold a joint press conference. Watch live:
We need the fastest, most reliable ways to move people, goods, and information from high-speed rail to high-speed Internet. #SOTU
"There's something sacred about this place." President Obama on Yosemite National Park
"President Kennedy warned Americans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom. President Obama #IranDeal
POTUS: America's never been a country of people looking for handouts; we re a nation of dreamers and doers. We work for what we ve got.
Campaigning in Montana today. Holding rallies in Billings, Crow Agency and Bozeman. Learn more at
Watch: A special pep talk for @SpeakerBoehner.
"It s possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." President Obama #SOTU
The folks in the Gulf are still suffering as a consequence of the oil spill, but we are making steady progress. The new cap is good news.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team:
Don't pass this up enter now:
Say you're with the President on the Affordable Care Act:
#FF: @TheDemocrats, @TimKaine, @dccc, @dscc
Share the good news: 6.8M consumers saved $1.2B on health insurance premiums last year thanks to #Obamacare.
"When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it s approaching 3 percent." President Obama #AmericaLeads
"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfect mile after mile, step after step." President Obama
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the responsibility America has to lead.
Don't let one of these holiday hiccups dampen your good cheer. #GetCovered today:
#DebateWatch starts in 30 minutes make your predictions now about who will backtrack and who will double down.
It's been an unpredictable March. Even if your bracket's a mess, you can still weigh in on who will win the tournament:
#ObamacareInAction for our children:
Have you entered our #DinnerWithBarack contest yet? You should give it a shot:
Four years ago today, candidate Obama told Iowans he'd reform health care and end the Iraq war:
If you're willing to stand with me, and vote for me, and organize with me, we will finish what we started.
The President picked up the phone to thank a few of the volunteers who built this campaign:
"This election isn't about staying where we are it's about moving forward or going back." Joan, @OFA_KS:
"Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." President Obama
Is it a jobs plan? This White House infographic helps you figure it out:
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to do say you support common-sense economic policies:
"We salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama: "Our first priority is making America a magnet for new jobs and manufacturing." #JobsNow
President Clinton: The real Mitt Romney will say anything to win.
This West Wing Week: Martin Luther King Jr. Day service and state visits from the presidents of China.
Show you ve got Barack s back: Pitch in $5 or more before tonight s critical fundraising deadline.
Everything you need to help win this thing right at your fingertips. Download the new #Obama2012 smartphone app:
In 2014, the private sector has added 1.4 million jobs the most in any first half of a year since 1999:
Join the @OFA Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about:
Game day.
Sonia Sotomayor was the first Hispanic Supreme Court justice, joining the bench on August 8, 2009.
Watch the stories of four men and women who served under #DADT, then say you'll join this movement:
RT if you agree: We need a President who has a plan to grow the economy for everyone from the middle out and that's President Obama.
Only a few hours until the third guest for #DinnerWithBarack is chosen. Pitch in $3 before the deadline:
POTUS: "Taking us back to the strategies that got us into this mess is not the way we are going to maintain leadership in the 21st century."
When candidate Obama won in Iowa four years ago, he made promises to this country that he s kept as President:
If you want to let your representatives know where you stand on challenges facing our country, this is your chance:
States across the country are taking action to #RaiseTheWage for hard-working residents:
Amee needs Congress to act on unemployment insurance and she's not the only one.
President Obama: "We're here because we understand this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class." #Forward2012
178,000 new private-sector jobs in May &amp; 39 straight months of job growth. That's progress, but we can't let up now.
All Americans can now serve their country without hiding who they are:
President Obama doubled funding for Pell Grants, providing financial aid for 3.7 million more students:
FACT: In 2011, a typical 25-year-old woman working full time all year earned $5,000 less than a typical 25-year-old man. #EqualPay
Take five minutes today to call your member of Congress and tell them why you support the American Jobs Act:
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality. #LoveIsLove
Watch live: President Obama makes a personnel announcement.
Our country made amazing progress this week but there is still work to do. Help keep the momentum going, chip in $5:
In the final hours before the House vote on health reform, your voice has extraordinary power. Call your representative:
A look at President Obama's commitment to ending the war in Iraq:
Stand in solidarity with LGBT Americans add your name.
Great news: President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts American workers first.
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." President Obama #SOTU
"In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than three million jobs."
In his weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to work to extend emergency unemployment insurance:
"EPA climate rule economically feasible, study says" More from @thehill:
President Obama on @GabbyGiffords: "She will remain an inspiration to all whose lives she touched myself included."
Still have things on your holiday wish list? Take 10% off orders of $10 or more with coupon code GIFT2012 today.
"Our economy grows best from the middle out when everybody has a shot." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Check out how these @OFA volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community:
RT @OFA_IN: Today at our #BO50 house meeting in Indy we are live-streaming @BarackObama s birthday party in Chicago.
President Obama on #SmallBusinessWeek: "We renew our commitment to helping these vital enterprises thrive."
As Congress heads home for the month, demand progress on the issues that matter:
Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered:
Romney s buyout firm helped increase profits for investors by moving American jobs overseas:
The marketplace is open again shop around and find a plan that works for you:
Watch highlights from today's #HCR meeting:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Florida about the choice we face in this election.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Only a few hours left to make sure you and your guest are up for an evening with Presidents Obama and Clinton:
President Obama: At a time when higher education has never been more important, it's also never been more expensive. #CollegeOpportunity
"I believe both parties can and will come together in the coming weeks to get that done."
"More than three million Americans under age 26 have gained coverage under their parents plans." President Obama #SOTU
We ve pulled together a few of our favorite tweets from the Obama Student Summit last night:
Which friend do you think deserves a seat at the table for #DinnerWithBarack?
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in observance of World AIDS Day.
Let's fix our broken #immigration system for our communities and our economy:
Meet the woman who first got Barack Obama fired up and ready to go:
"Our generation must move toward a global compact to confront a changing climate before it is too late." President Obama #ActOnClimate
POTUS: "We got back every dime used to rescue the banks, and we passed a law to end taxpayer-funded Wall Street bailouts for good."
These are the names of people building this movement from the ground up. Are you in?
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion laws a win for women's reproductive rights.
Barack Obama has been sworn in for a second term as President of the United States. #fourmoreyears
"When more women are bringing home the bacon, they shouldn t just be getting a little bit of bacon." President Obama on #EqualPay
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan.
"We've kicked this particular can down the road for too long." President Obama on #immigration reform
"Pay as You Earn" will cap student loan repayments at 10% of income, reducing monthly payments for more than 1.6 million students.
POTUS on the GOP convention: It was a rerun. You might as well have watched it on a black-and-white TV with some rabbit ears."
Watch Sami's story about losing his dad in a mass shooting then find out how you can help reduce gun violence:
Comprehensive #immigration reform can be a reality in 2014. Chip in, and help make it happen:
Get to know the Republican Party s extreme and out-of-touch agenda:
"I don't think we should go back to discriminating against kids with pre-existing conditions." President Obama
The end of the open enrollment is right around the corner make sure your friends know how to #GetCovered:
Con nuestra nueva App de Llamadas, puedes hacer las llamadas que nos ayudar n ganar esta campa a A llamar!
Earlier this year, Representative @PRyan told constituents he would #ActOnReform. Hold him to his word:
Fun fact: We've had more than 517,00 first-time donors since we launched in May. At this point in 07, we had 352,000 donors, total.
We can't let Congress wait for the next tragedy to act to reduce gun violence. #DemandAction,
FACT: Thanks to the President s health care law, children with pre-existing conditions can t be denied health coverage. #progress
President Obama on the BRAIN initiative and the importance of investing in American innovation:
Your name belongs here. Add it today:
New in the campaign store: a limited-edition victory magnet.
"If the other side wins, they ll try their hardest to give free rein back to insurance companies, credit card companies & Wall St. banks."
President Obama: "I m not fighting to create Democratic jobs or Republican jobs. I m fighting to create American jobs."
"I m committed to solving our fiscal challenges. But I refuse to accept any approach that isn t balanced."
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance #EqualPay for women.
"This Mother s Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" President Obama
Virginia Republican reps on Twitter: @robwittman (VA-01), @repscottrigell (VA-02), @randy_forbes (VA-04), @repmgriffith (VA-09).
President Obama was in Virginia yesterday to talk about new initiatives for helping struggling homeowners:
Wisconsin for Obama:
In Dublin, OH. At an "On The Road To Change" rally with Joe Biden. Watch it live at
Sometimes politics can seem very small but the choice you face? It couldn't be bigger.
"We still believe that this should be a place where you can make it if you try." President Obama
#ThisIsWhy health reform matters to Lori:
"We can't price higher education so prohibitively that ordinary families can't afford it." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
Pres. Obama: "We should be proud of what we ve accomplished, but we're not satisfied. We ve got more work to do." #hc09
Retweet if you want this #shutdown to end.
For me it s really simple: it s a cause I believe in. And I like the T-shirts. Erin on why she gave to #Obama2012:
"We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all Americans." President Obama
Forward, not back:
We didn t raise the Statue of Liberty with her back to the world we did it with her light shining. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
President Obama: No family should have to set aside a college acceptance letter because they don t have the money.
Welcoming the President to New Hampshire:
Shop around:
Bayard Rustin, an American activist at the forefront of gay, civil &amp; workers' rights, would have turned 100 today:
Tomorrow s the last day to throw your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarack:
"Over the past five years, American workers have repaired or replaced more than 20,000 bridges." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
President Obama in Virginia: That's how democracy is supposed to be. It's up to you. You've got the power. #Forward2012
"Last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
Ohio Republican reps on Twitter: @repstevechabot (OH-01), @repmiketuner (OH-03), @jim_jordan (OH-04), @boblatta (OH-05).
Get your name on the @OFA Donor Wall before it's too late:
President Obama will be in New York and Pennsylvania today to talk about how to #MakeCollegeAffordable:
In case you missed it, President Obama has a message for you as we approach 1 million donors:
Obama: "The American people have worked too hard, for too long, rebuilding from one crisis to see their elected officials cause another."
On Sunday, President Obama turns 52. Sign the official @OFA card here:
Obama: "We just made a quick stop in Chicago so I could vote." #GottaVote
FACT: President Obama would extend tax cuts for 98% of Americans and return rates for the wealthiest to what they were in the Clinton era.
After 36 years, Voyager 1 has become the first human-made object to leave the solar system.
"Push back on misinformation, speak up for the facts." President Obama urges you to #ActOnClimate for a better future for our planet.
Stand with the President tell your members of Congress not to price the middle class out of college:
These senators are at odds with 97% of climate scientists and NASA. #ActOnClimate
Get the facts on everything from a fair #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:
RT today's good news: the Senate took another step forward to reduce gun violence:
Check out a few great photos from @VP s visit to Toledo yesterday:
RT if you agree: Congress shouldn t make more than 7 million students pay an average of up to $1,000 more for college. #DontDoubleMyRate
Another victory for equality:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about why Congress should prevent severe spending cuts.
A Romney campaign official on the discrepancies in Romney s firm s SEC filings: They do not square with common sense.
President Obama nominates Mary Jo White to lead the SEC and Richard Cordray to lead the @CFPB:
Romney and his fellow investors got into the game to grow their own wealth, not to create jobs.
The Obamacare marketplace is now open. If you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and #GetCovered. _
"This isn t about class warfare. This is about the nation s welfare." President Obama
"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." President Obama
Cheer on the President with your friends and neighbors during his speech at the #DNC2012 this Thursday:
FACT: 92% of Americans support requiring background checks for all gun sales RT if you're one of them.
Obama: "The American people deserve a tax code that helps small businesses spend less time filling out complicated forms." #JobsNow
LIVE: President Obama explains how the uninsured can #GetCovered with the new health care marketplace:
President Obama on Romney's deficit-reduction plan: "My opponent has a plan too. The problem is, it s missing arithmetic."
Across the country, @OFA volunteers are making a difference in the fight to #RaiseTheWage:
President Obama: As messy as it's been sometimes, the Affordable Care Act is progress it's making sure everyone has health care.
"I'm convinced this is a fight that America must lead. But it will require all of us to do our part."
If he can find the time to make calls today, so can you!
Worth a read and a RT: President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor visits Sesame Street:
There's a lot of misinformation out there help spread the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:
Morgan Freeman: Four years later, our enemies have been brought to justice. Our heroes are coming home."
The Affordable Care Act needs leaders like you:
"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." President Obama
My administration will continue to do everything we can to move forward on immigration reform; yesterday s DREAM vote is an important step.
The next 46 days will decide this election. Pitch in $5 to help make sure we come out on top:
"Let's give Americans a raise right now I'm going to sign this." President Obama on executive action to #RaiseTheWage for federal workers
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about the stark choice we face in this election.
President Obama, fired up in Vermont yesterday:
Republicans have promised to block the Paycheck Fairness Act today a bill that would update and strengthen the Equal Pay Act of 1963.
When you vote, "Please remember how quickly but for the grace of God, luck, or genetics this story could be yours."
Good news MT @SenatorReid Gays &amp; lesbians should not be fired from their jobs just for being themselves. Senate will soon work to #PassENDA.
President Obama: Madam Chairwoman, delegates, I accept your nomination for President of the United States.
President Obama's take on the RNC: "We d seen it before. You might as well have watched it on a black-and-white TV."
WATCH: President Obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools.
From Gov. Romney's #SketchyDeal to his one-point plan, see whether your favorite quotes made this election's top 47:
For many families, Medicaid is the only way to afford care for the elderly but Romney s budget would cut it by a third:
Not turning back:
Day one of the President's Road to Charlotte, as seen through tweets and Instagrams:
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the #SCOTUS vacancy:
Bill finally got covered for less than he expected.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of @Vice's documentary on criminal justice reform.
To everyone who gave yesterday in advance of our FEC deadline, and over the quarter, to support the President: Thank you. No fooling.
"What the American people are looking for is cooperation... Most of all, they want action."
President Obama: "You know that I know what real change looks like because you've seen me fight for it."
President Obama: "The unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since I took office. Home values &amp; home sales are rising." #progress
If you're not headed out to a house party, you can watch the President's State of the Union live at 9pm ET here:
RT if you know the feeling:
On the Afghan transition: "There s no reason why Americans should die when Afghans are perfectly capable of defending their own country."
With the war in Iraq ending, the President s commitment to our servicemembers remains strong. Here s a closer look:
Add your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing:
"Our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
FACT: Almost twice as many people were murdered by guns from 2001-2010 in Arizona than killed in combat in Afghanistan. #DemandAction
"When I came into office the world was divided. Iran was resurgent." President Obama
"Let us never forget their service and always be worthy of the sacrifices made in our name." President Obama #MemorialDay
RT @OFA_CO: We're getting ready to paint El Paso County Blue in Colorado Springs. #CO2012
In Cleveland to speak about the economy and to discuss proposals to keep the economy growing. Watch live at 2:10pm ET.
Welcome @POTUS, the official government account of the President of the United States.
Announcing new measures to curb government spending at 11:35am ET. Watch live at
"I will not negotiate on anything when it comes to the full faith and credit of the United States of America." President Obama
Don t miss the chance to spend an evening with two U.S. presidents really:
I keep on telling people under 30 that they have the most at stake. Their future is on the line in this election.
Organizing your community this summer could change your life and make all the difference in November:
New infographic: How Republican Super PACs and outside groups pose a threat to a fair election.
"The fact that this problem is complex can no longer be an excuse for doing nothing."
"If something can harm or kill tens of civilians in quick succession, it does not belong in anyone's home." Calvin A. #WeDemandAVote
Meet Alexa an @OFA supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now.
I want every child to head to school knowing their education is America s priority. Let s seize this moment and fix No Child Left Behind.
It s Pride month. Join other Obama supporters at an event in your community:
It's on all of us to speak up: Share what severe budget cuts would mean for you if Congress doesn't act.
I want our veterans to know: We remember. We remember your courage. We remember your sacrifice. And the legacy of your service lives on.
We re sharing our favorite reasons to pitch in and support #Obama2012. Today: common-sense immigration reform.
"The single most important thing that we have to do ... is make sure that there is opportunity for every single person." President Obama
Immigration reminds us all of our individual roots, but amplifies the greatness of who we are as Americans. Randall S. #ImmigrationStory
Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters about fighting alongside him in 2015:
Score is now 2-1 thanks to a beautiful goal by Abby Wambach. #USWNT
The campaign raised more than $60 million across committees in May. Thanks to everyone who chipped in.
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant:
Watch the weekly address on how both parties can work together to keep the American economy moving forward:
It's time for a final vote. Please join with me to help take health reform across the finish line:
The President s bracket puts him in the 98th percentile just lucky, we guess:
"In America, if you work hard, you can get ahead." President Obama
Make your summer count apply for a summer internship with #Obama2012 in Chicago:
Support my local store owners on Main Street in Farmingdale and continue to fund my children's education for college. Rick, NY #My2K
"Seniors have been getting discounts on their prescription drugs. That's happening right now." President Obama on #Obamacare
If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its future chip in today:
Add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in America:
"We have states who, just out of political spite, are leaving millions of people uninsured." President Obama
@HelloKittySmile: Way to get the ball rolling on your #SOTU2012 watch party. Have a great time, and thank you for supporting #Obama2012!
.@MichelleObama: "That s what I think about when I tuck my girls in at night. I think about the world I want to leave for them."
If you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name:
This California olive grower is seeing the impacts of climate change firsthand:
"America should be very proud." President Obama #LoveWins
LIVE: President Obama and @FLOTUS discuss expanding efforts to help #LetGirlsLearn around the world.
If we don't close this gap now:
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress show your support for bold action on climate change:
What our future looks like is going to be very different depending on who's governing." @ElizabethForMA
President Obama on Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan: "I fundamentally disagree with their vision for America."
"I believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
RT this so your friends and family know President Obama s plan to move us forward:
Watch: Austan Goolsbee talks about why Congress should act to build economic #OpportunityForAll.
Read why #CleanWaterRules are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters:
Last call: Enter by midnight to be Michelle's guest for the Democratic National Convention we ll fly you to Charlotte.
Time's almost up to become an @OFA 2013 Founding Member:
In his weekly address, President Obama honors the memories of the children &amp; educators lost one year ago in Newtown:
President Obama speaks in Washington, D.C. Watch live:
Democrats and Republicans in this Chamber have supported unemployment insurance plenty of times in the past ... you should pass it again.
Your daily task: Make sure you re following @Obama2012 to get in on the campaign s daily action.
A powerful action takes a simple click commit to vote:
Reform will save families money, will save businesses money and will save government money. It has to pass on our watch.
President Obama to @PathwaysInTech: Education is a ticket into the middle class and it should be available to everyone.
President Obama calls on Congress to pass a clean extension of the transportation bill:
Last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. It's about time to do that again:
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change:
Estamos unidos! President Obama launches @LatinosForObama:
Chip in today to help support the movement that's making progress where it counts:
President Obama calls out Mitt Romney for distorting his words about small businesses:
"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing:
Show everyone you ve got the President s back with a red, white, and blue #Obama2012 car magnet:
We need to keep up the pressure to #passthebill will you take a minute to tweet your Republican legislator today?
Share why you're voting for President Obama today with the hashtag #VoteObama.
"Obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" More from @latimes:
Affordability and guaranteed coverage: #ThisIsWhy Eileen likes health care reform.
Today, the Senate will vote to help unemployed veterans. Stand in support of veterans:
FACT: Thanks to President Obama, responsible borrowers can cap their student loan repayments at 10% of discretionary income. #progress
President Obama s State of the Union is just 7 days away. Have you signed up to host a watch party?
"When the Affordable Care Act passed, there was this lump in my throat that said 'This is for me.'" @Archuleta2012:
Just 25 days left before Congress leaves for summer recess. Tell them that stalling on jobs isn t an option:
President Obama: "I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits either now or in the future. Period." #hc09
FACT: Thanks to #ImmigrationAction, the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both U.S. born and immigrant workers.
I was shocked and disappointed to hear that Mitt Romney is not willing to stand up for women and their families."
Skills. cc #USMNT
Talked with Communications Workers of America about getting America back to work. Watch my full speech at:
Two grassroots supporters won a trip to George Clooney s house to meet the President. Check them out on Entertainment Tonight at 7:30pm ET.
RT @nanziska: Joyce is ready to train our phonebankers at 365 to victory in East Aurora! #obama2012 #wecantwait
Smile if you've voted early. If you haven t, find out when you can vote in your state:
President Obama: Over 4.4 million jobs created over the last two and a half years.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon:
The New York Times on last night s debate: Romney had little coherent to say and often sounded completely lost.
RT @ALFR3DITO: Diana C. retired yesterday and attended her first ever @OFA_CO 2012 event today #latinosforobama
Bill Clinton at #DNC2012: We simply cannot afford to give the reins of government to someone who will double down on trickle-down.
"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Our economy is on a better, stronger course.
Join me for a live OFA strategy meeting on the state of health insurance reform this Thurs at 2:30pm ET:
We understand that America s not about what can be done for us. It s about what can be done by us, as one nation, one people.
At a "Change We Need" rally in Jacksonville, FL. Watch it live at
Last call for health insurance that starts in 2014:
RT @smachado31: @BarackObama #40dollars is the copay on one of many of my monthly prescriptions.
Make sure your friends know what's at stake for middle-class families if Congress fails to avoid severe budget cuts:
This is worth celebrating. #7MillionAndCounting
President Obama sits down for an interview with @galifianakisz:
VP Biden: I do not believe that we have a right to tell other people, women, that they can t control their bodies.
Add your name if you think it s time to expand overtime protections for hard-working Americans:
"We shouldn't stop there. We should restore the ban on military-style assault weapons and a 10-round limit for magazines." President Obama
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end.
RT @TheEllenShow: Thank you President @BarackObama for standing up for my people. And by "my people," I mean people.
Here's an in-depth look at how our economy has made real progress in the last six years:
Special pizza delivery in Nevada:
You're going to want to watch this speech.
LIVE: The President announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces.
Something special is happening in Austin tonight:
"Let s move forward, not backward. I believe in young people and I m going to fight for you." President Obama to young Americans
"The movies won't be the same without Roger." President Obama
President Obama: What I want to do is build on the 5 million jobs that we've created over the last 30 months in the private sector alone.
Thanks @NatlParkService for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 years and counting. #FindYourPark
President Obama: In the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for doing equal work.
#Obama2012 supporters made 680,000 contributions to this campaign in its first three months.
Don t be fooled : Americans on the street react to #RealRomney:
We asked. You answered.
There are many reasons to #GetCovered here are just a few:
POTUS on Romney: His economic plan makes clear he doesn t think our children s education is worth investing in. I do.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama will continue taking action and expanding #OpportunityForAll.
Obama understands that the backbone of the American Dream is innovation and entrepreneurship.
We shouldn't accept this as normal. #DisarmHate
"Making college affordable that makes a difference." President Obama. Add your name to #MakeCollegeAffordable:
A simple proposition from President Obama:
We are not about to allow a corporate takeover of our democracy.
Listen live: President Obama speaks about the economy in Albany, New York.
Meet Alex: a father of four who's spending his summer learning how to be a community organizer. Watch the video:
Four major environmental groups endorsed President Obama this morning:
Climate change is real. Say you'll join President Obama in taking action:
We re less than a week away from Election Day. Vote early if you can here s a list of state-by-state deadlines:
The President's plan would keep us moving forward. Romney would return to the failed policies that crashed the economy:
Mitt Romney continues to take the President s words out of context, so we returned the favor:
The First Lady's birthday is tomorrow. Sign @OFA's card and wish her a happy birthday:
"As long as I m President, I will never allow Medicare to be turned into a voucher that would end the program as we know it."
Tonight at 7pm ET, President Obama sits down with Steve Kroft of 60 Minutes. Watch and tell us what you think.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch now:
The President talks to @JayLeno about the debates, voting early, and his take on the GOP's policies for women:
Obama! Show your support for the President:
Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more:
The First Lady speaks about the Healthier U.S. School Challenge. Watch live:
Just the thing to celebrate the President's birthday get a Made in the USA mug:
This is what repealing the Affordable Care Act could mean for this cancer patient. #WhatRepealMeans
Our troops first went to Iraq 9 years ago today now they re home. Honor their service by writing a welcome home note:
RT @whitehouse: Tuesday at 9PM EST: State of the Union. See how you can get involved:
Here on the ground in Virginia, I m fighting for a better life and for our President.
"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." President Obama
The fight for change is not over. Check out President Obama's message to OFA supporters:
Any donation, no matter how large or small, helps to bring this election home for President Obama:
FACT: Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would gut investments in clean energy, while maintaining $4 billion a year in tax breaks to oil companies.
"It's like that movie Groundhog Day except it's not funny." President Obama on the attempts to dismantle Obamacare
You know I mean what I say and I say what I mean. I said I d end the war in Iraq, and I did. I said I d reform health care, and I did.
This week, President Obama addressed Spanish-speaking TV viewers in a "Live from the White House" special:
Follow @Obama2012 for the latest from the President s speech.
President Obama at this morning's National Prayer Breakfast: "We can t leave our values at the door."
"Restoring the idea of opportunity for all requires a year of action from all of us." President Obama
"LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." President Obama #NationalComingOutDay
The Senate votes today on the American Jobs Act tell your Republican senator to #passthebill:
Carbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate change and President Obama is taking it head on.
Today s grassroots fundraising tip: keep your friends in the loop about your progress toward your fundraising goals.
"A basic: the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." President Obama #SOTU
"Our businesses have created almost 9 million new jobs over the last four years." President Obama
FACT: 78% of Americans agree with increasing energy efficiency standards for new appliances and buildings (via @NRDC). #ActOnClimate
53,025 words and none of them were middle class. Share with your friends:
"Today I am setting a new goal. Your federal government will consume 20% of its energy from renewable resources." President Obama
Get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the President's #ImmigrationAction will benefit the economy:
This is it your last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor:
"Nobody gets to hurt our economy and hard-working families over a law you don't like." President Obama #EnoughAlready
Share this if you agree we can't put tax breaks for oil companies above helping military families (via @WhiteHouse).
The choice: President Obama is strengthening Medicare, while Romney and Ryan would turn it into a voucher system.
President Obama on #ReadAcrossAmerica Day: "Today, Americans young and old will take time to get lost in a story."
President Obama: "I've come to ask for your help in keeping America moving forward."
Dahlia, a teacher at two community colleges in CA, wants Congress to take action on jobs now.
"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of America." President Obama #ACAWorks
"President Obama believes in making the investments that small businesses like mine need." Alexandra, a small business owner in CA
Yes we can.
Retweet if you think we should eliminate wasteful tax breaks for the oil and gas industry, saving American taxpayers $4 billion a year.
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why @OFA supporters are saying #EnoughAlready:
The #CostOfInaction on immigration reform is more than $10 billion. Chip in to fight back:
President Obama: The typical family s tax burden is $3,600 less than what it was when I took office.
How many of your friends can you inspire to commit to vote this November?
"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." President Obama
"We have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." President Obama #WomenSucceed
In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to #ActOnClimate this is a big deal.
President Obama kicks off his bus tour this week with a town hall in Cannon Falls, Minnesota. Watch live:
From the archives: Sasha and her first mate.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses new actions to attract jobs to America:
Photos of the day: Vermont communities begin to recover after Hurricane Irene:
President Obama on the 39th anniversary of Roe v. Wade:
FACT: Romney &amp; Ryan have refused to provide specifics about how they ll pay for their $5 trillion tax cut that s skewed toward the wealthy.
"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL
FACT: President Obama s Justice Dept. has argued in 7 court cases that the Defense of Marriage Act discriminates against same-sex couples.
Just tell us where to send your free bumper sticker:
"I want us to put people back to work rebuilding our roads, bridges, and schools." President Obama
Billie Jean King: Tennis champ and one of the American athletes to receive the Medal of Freedom under President Obama.
The CARD Act will put a stop to deceptive practices and hold credit card companies accountable to their customers:
Unemployment: Deficits: Uninsured rate: Jobs: +15.1 million
I want to reward small businesses and manufacturers that are creating jobs right here in the United States. #AmericaForward
Take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in 2015:
I don t think your boss should decide what s best for your health and safety. I don t think your insurer should decide what care you get.
There's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. Three in four people can #GetCovered for less _
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure:
"Those at the top are doing better than ever, but for the average family, wages have barely budged." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"I'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
"To treat others as we wish to be treated ourselves. That s the common humanity that binds us together."
As long as I m Commander-in-Chief, we will serve our veterans as well as they ve served us. President Obama
The deadline to be part of the summer #OFAFellows program is tomorrow apply here:
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the latest developments in Iraq.
"If Congress won't act, I will." President Obama on meeting the challenge of #climate change
Just one piece of the President's clean energy plan: reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Another reason why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:
Our jobs don t stop at getting out the truth. We need to get out the vote, too. A final fact-check from @stefcutter:
This is such a huge weight lifted off my shoulders, and I owe it all to President Obama.
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change:
Five years ago, health care reform became law. Since then, it's helped 16M people get covered:
FACT: Romney claims he supports equal pay for equal work, but refuses to say whether he supports the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. #Romnesia
"Food Stamp recipients didn t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." President Obama #SOTU
Retweet if you want @SpeakerBoehner to #JustVote and end this shutdown.
Just one way the #ACA is making health care more affordable:
More Americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bank thanks to #Obamacare.
It s an invite to meet the President at George Clooney s house don t miss out:
"For the sake of our children, we have to do more." President Obama
"Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Class 'Mr. Cub' is ready to play two." President Obama
President Obama: I don t think we can get very far with leaders who write off half the nation as a bunch of victims.
The President takes in an exhibit of ancient artifacts, including the Dead Sea Scrolls:
.@GabbyGiffords: "On Wednesday, a minority of senators gave into fear."
OFA volunteers want to know: Do health care repealers still want to take health care away from millions?
Retweet to get the word out: It's #TimeToEnroll.
Today marks 270 days from the day we'll need 270 electoral votes. A snapshot of progress in the field so far:
This is a good thing for American workers and businesses but there's more work to do.
As the U.S. combat mission in Iraq came to an end, West Wing Week spent a week on the ground in Iraq with our troops.
President Obama speaks at the United Nations General Assembly. Watch live:
Thanks to you, we ve made a difference in people s lives.
Will be on NBC's Meet the Press tomorrow live from Des Moines, IA. To find your local air times visit:
Lori was looking for a job for months then Congress cut off her family's only lifeline:
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "We don t need more top-down economics. What we need is better education and training."
Today President Obama announced a landmark foreclosure settlement with major banks to help struggling homeowners.
There has never been a more qualified nominee, Senate leaders. He deserves a fair hearing and a vote. #DoYourJob
POTUS: This isn t just a women s issue. No man should want his wife or his daughters paid less than a man for doing the same job.
Health care reform changed the course of history in our country and you played a part.
On jobs, debt, energy, rights and so much more - make sure they're the right decisions. -Axe
POTUS in the Virginia rain:
Live at 1pm ET, White House national security adviser Ben Rhodes answers your questions on nuclear security:
Speaking on the America s Great Outdoors Initiative. Watch live at 4:45pm ET.
Joanne, a veteran and Army mom, expresses her relief as the last U.S. troops return from Iraq.
"That's where courage comes from when we turn not from each other or on each other but towards each other." President Obama #MLKDream50
Amanda, AK: I am supporting President Obama as both a college student and a veteran because he has never given up on fighting for us.
Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the #IranDeal.
Climate change is real and dangerous. Show your support for the @EPA's new standards to cut carbon pollution:
Speaking about the need for clean energy jobs this morning at a small business in Virginia listen live at 11:25am ET
President Obama on Romney: When his advice was to let Detroit go bankrupt, I bet on American workers and American manufacturing.
Even if you can't volunteer, you can still pitch in $5 to help spread the word about the health care deadline:
An easy way to donate $10 to this campaign: Text GIVE to 62262. 6 msgs/mth.
Fired up. Let s finish what we started:
"This law is now helping tens of millions of Americans." President Obama #ACAWorks
If you haven't put your name in for a night in NYC with two presidents, the deadline's tonight and the airfare's on us:
Soccer practice at Tully Junior-Senior High School.
Hugs for Dad: Happy Father's Day.
President Obama: "Our businesses have now added more than 5 million new jobs over the past two and a half years." #progress
"If Congress does nothing, every family in America will see their income taxes automatically go up on January 1." President Obama
"I want my daughters paid the same as your sons for doing the same jobs." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #StandWithWomen
How will the American Jobs Act help your state? Check out our map:
On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season.
Volunteer artists sent in their best designs inspired by President Obama vote for your favorites now:
ICYMI: Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years.
Deadline deal: Give $10 or more before midnight, get a Vote Obama car magnet. Simple as that:
Do your part to help keep the momentum going on issues you care about:
Pitch in $5 and be automatically entered to help the President celebrate his birthday in Chicago airfare s on us:
The reviews are in: President Obama won last night s debate.
Saturday is rally day in Virginia. Both the President and @MichelleObama will be at @VCU. Will you?
"We come from different parties, but we are Americans first ... Disagreement cannot mean disfunction." President Obama
Missed President Obama's final #SOTU last night? Check out his full remarks.
Title IX is turning 40. Check out the President's op-ed celebrating the difference the law has made for American women:
Twitter's second-favorite #SOTU quote: "No one built this country on their own."
Thanks to health care reform, 3.1 million more young Americans under 26 now have health insurance:
The @OFA Truth Team makes it easy to stay informed. Join today:
Sixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality.
Hundreds of hardworking @OFA organizers came together at the #OFAFallSummit to drive their work forward take a look:
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims of today's attack in NYC and everyone who keeps us safe. New Yorkers are as tough as they come.
President Obama: If you don't let anyone tell you something is out of your reach, not only will you be great, this country will be great.
If you're in for the #iMarch for #ImmigrationReform, tweet your senators now and tell them to get it done:
Already lining up in the Mile-High City to see President Obama:
"We now have 4 million Americans who have signed up for quality private health insurance through the marketplace." President Obama
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." President Obama
"When I was 15, I yearned to get my permit to drive. I wanted to work to become more responsible I couldn't." Saridh G.
President Obama on the auto rescue: "We bet on American ingenuity, and I'd make that same bet again any day of the week."
"A lot of folks forget that most of us used to be them. " President Obama
"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." President Obama #IranDeal
In Virginia this morning to sign a historic investment in higher education into law listen live at 11:05am ET
Don't forget -- having a conversation with #OFA today at 5:45pm ET. RSVP to watch online here:
"With or without this Congress, I will keep taking actions that help the economy grow. But I can do a whole lot more with your help."
Add your name because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay:
We knew this was coming:
FACT: Over 40% of Fortune 500 companies were founded by an immigrant or child of an immigrant. (via @MarchforInnov) #iMarch
"Throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." President Obama #WomensHistoryMonth
A changeup we can believe in:
Every workplace has folks from somewhere else with an #AmericanStory to tell. The @whitehouse is no exception. Watch:
It s time for Democrats and Republicans to focus on our shared responsibilities to work together and deliver results:
Happy Father's Day.
Homemade t-shirts and extra-big smiles for President Obama in Iowa:
Watch live: President Obama speaks about clean energy in Nevada.
"Government cannot play the only, or even the primary role." President Obama #MyBrothersKeeper
Follow the team that's now 5 million action takers strong: @OFA. #FF
#My2K will just about cover out-of-pocket costs for my cataract surgery. Bill, IA
In just a few days, a century-long struggle will culminate in a historic vote. The time for health reform is now.
Be covered this winter check out your options now:
Without President Obama s rescue of the auto industry, Ohio would have collapsed.
South Carolina voters: Tweet @JimDeMint and @GrahamBlog and ask them to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
"We have to make college affordable for every American." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity #SOTU
In his weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to listen to the American people and raise the minimum wage.
.@JoeBiden on President Obama: He set in motion a policy that ended the war in Iraq responsibly.
"My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
How can you help pass comprehensive #ImmigrationReform? Join the #iMarch and tweet your senators today:
"Mitt Romney spent the night on the defensive, doubled down on the same bad ideas that crashed the economy." -@Messina2012
LIVE: President Obama is in Buffalo talking about how we need to #MakeCollegeAffordable.
Mitt Romney refuses whether to say if he d support the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act:
Melissa H: I can't tell you how hectic, stressful, and inefficient a large-size classroom is.
Cindy is a supporter from Colorado who recently got the phone call of a lifetime.
President Obama has asked Congress for a commitment that will build the economy providing job training to two million Americans. #WeCantWait
Alabama Republican reps on Twitter: @RepMoBrooks (AL-05), @BachusAL06 (AL-06)
A cool magnet for your fridge:
WATCH: @GinaEPA is making a big announcement on fighting climate change and keeping the air clean for our families.
President Obama asks Americans to tell their members of Congress that it's time to put country before party.
Make sure your friends see the President s second-term plans to keep us moving forward:
This morning kicks off a big weekend of action for volunteers around the country find an event near you:
President Obama knows that the economy grows best from the middle class out and from the bottom up:
President Obama: "If you're still fired up, if you are still ready to go like I am, we will win Iowa. We will win this election."
President Obama on Jay Z and Bruce Springsteen: Not only are they all on my iPod, but both of them tell an American story.
WATCH: President Obama is standing among legends in Cooperstown as he speaks from the @BaseballHall.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to pass a budget that focuses on middle-class opportunity:
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way.
Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to #LeadOnTrade:
Retweet if you're a proud supporter of marriage equality. #LoveIsLove
"Oil production is up, natural gas production is up, and most importantly, we re also starting to build cars that are more efficient."
House passes historic clean energy and climate bill today, thanks to your grassroots support.
Face time.
Retweet if you believe women deserve #EqualPay. No more wage discrimination.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Our work is far from over, but we have rescued our economy from the worst of this crisis. #RecoveryAct
Health care reform is helping millions of Americans. Keep the momentum going:
Supporters across the country were busy registering voters this weekend check out the highlights:
Republicans say they won't let a vote happen on President Obama's nominee to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
LIVE: President Obama on why Congress should renew unemployment insurance.
If you don t buy Mitt Romney s excuse that he retroactively retired from his buyout firm, you re not alone:
President Obama just designated the largest marine reserve in the world. Read more:
Add your name if you agree: Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.
"If you think education is expensive, wait until you see how much ignorance costs in the 21st century." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Happening now: President @BillClinton gives his take on #Obamacare.
Asking for your vote today. For polling location info visit
For 9 million women and children, the #TeaPartyShutdown means nutritional assistance is in jeopardy.
Why the Affordable Care Act matters, summed up in less than two minutes:
June's almost over, but you can keep the #Pride2012 spirit alive just tell us where to send your free bumper sticker:
You can help:
RT @whitehouse Welcome to @twitter President Medvedev! RT @KremlinRussia_E: Hello everyone! I'm on Twitter, and this is my first tweet.
LIVE: President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy.
A Mother s Day message from President Obama:
Friends don't let friends miss the deadline for health insurance enrollment. Spread the word: #GetCoveredNow
WATCH: President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly address:
Grassroots supporters from all over the Midwest spent the weekend making sure Wisconsin's ready to vote:
"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantage and TPP will change that." President Obama
In Tama, IA for a Rural Policy Summit @ South Tama County High School. Heading to Cedar Rapids and Waverly tomorrow.
If you re looking for the President s birth certificate, these will come in handy:
Women, the sick, survivors they all deserve fair treatment in our health care system. #Obamacare
The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too:
"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks on an all-of-the-above energy strategy in Ohio.
Let your representative know: The #TeaPartyShutdown is hurting our economy and must end now.
RT if you agree: It's time for Congress to work with the President and ensure that hard work leads to a decent living for every American.
"Reading is important. If you know how to read then the whole world opens up to you."
President Obama on Romney: "Your strategy, previously, has been all over the map, and is not designed to keep Americans safe."
"We know that we can t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" President Obama
.@somu1317: More at:
The Detroit Free Press highlights President Obama s stunning record of accomplishment and endorses his re-election:
RT if you support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence:
"By almost every measure, we are better off now than when I took office." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Time is running out to get covered this year, but you can still help spread the word:
"Sexual assault is an affront to our basic decency and humanity." President Obama
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The First Lady gets a lift at the Olympics.
Everything you need to know about voting, in one place. Share widely:
We're facing a big FEC fundraising deadline after this, there's only one more before Election Day. Pitch in $5 now:
"We've got to catch up to the 21st century. We've got to pass a fair pay law." President Obama #WomenSucceed
Interactive map shows votes against #climate change action are from districts most affected by soaring temps:
Are you fired up? You can be a part of the effort to fix our broken #immigration system. Add your voice:
Promises kept:
President Obama: They are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper."
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now. #DisarmHate
Share what the President s plan to extend middle-class tax cuts means to you using the hashtag #2200dollars.
RT @Obama2012: We can t make higher education a luxury. It s an economic imperative. President Obama speaking at UNC today
"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." President Obama
Holding a special conference call for OFA volunteers tonight at 8:20 ET. Without you, change doesn't happen. RSVP:
POTUS: They have tried to sell us this trickle-down, tax cut fairy dust before. It didn t work then and it won t work now.
Obama on new fuel efficiency standards: "By the middle of the next decade, our cars will go twice as far on a gallon of gas." #OFAClimate
The economy added 200,000 jobs last month, for 22 straight months of job growth:
"Because of the sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over. The war in Afghanistan is coming to a close."
RT @truthteam2012: Cutting off workers without pensions or severance while he and his partners made off with millions. #romneyjobexperience
How big was the crowd in Richmond? This big:
"I believe America only thrives when we have a strong and growing middle class." President Obama
Some members of Congress still don't want to talk about climate change. Help change the conversation:
We counted 5 backtracks and 2 times the candidates doubled down on past statements. How about you? #Scoreboard
This morning, we learned that for the third month in a row, we've been outraised by the other side in this race:
Raising minimum wage will lift Americans out of poverty and create more consumers to fuel the economy
POTUS: That s why I am running for a 2nd term as President to finish the job, to keep moving forward, to build on the progress we ve made.
Check this out: New video from President Obama telling @OFA supporters about efforts to help our middle class thrive.
"This Congress needs to restore the unemployment insurance you just let expire for 1.6 million people." President Obama #RenewUI #SOTU
"We're all Americans first and no party has a monopoly on good ideas" President Obama on need for bipartisan efforts toward #ABetterBargain
Make calls for this campaign from anywhere:
The President's plan would save the typical middle-class family #2200dollars next year use the hashtag to share how it would help you.
We need to #FixTheSystem.
President Obama: If you truly value families, you shouldn t play politics with a woman s health.
Volunteers and staff are coming together today for the Obama campaign legacy conference follow along here:
"Change comes about because people are activated. People are involved." President Obama on the importance of @OFA:
Which user-created health reform ad do you think will have the biggest impact? Rate the videos now:
"This is a serious challenge. But it's one uniquely suited to America's strengths." President Obama on #climate change
RT @bryan_erskine: @BarackObama It pays the phone bill for the month #40dollars
Former Ohio Governor @Ted_Strickland took the #LiveTheWage Challenge: "I Tried to Live on Minimum Wage for a Week"
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe.
Wear your love with pride.
Hold up a sign and take a photo, make some art, or record a video and share what change is to you:
In his weekly address, President Obama outlines steps we can take right away to help create jobs. Watch:
This deal is not just the best choice among alternatives this is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever. President Obama
If you ve ever wondered what it s like to volunteer for the President, watch this video:
Sign the petition: Be a part of the fight to raise the federal minimum wage.
President Obama: "This will be my last political campaign, no matter what."
We ve come too far to turn back now.
Today, after almost a century of effort, health insurance reform has become law.
"Not only is it good for the economy, it's the right thing to do." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
"You can judge a nation, and how successful it will be, based on how it treats its women and its girls." President Obama
President Obama finishes his #MakeCollegeAffordable bus tour in Scranton, PA. Watch live:
Pick your favorite card then add your name to wish the President a happy birthday:
This guy's counting on you:
President Obama enacted $1 trillion in spending cuts to reduce the deficit and has a balanced plan to cut it by another $4 trillion.
Americans have worked too hard in this recovery to see extremists in Congress cause another crisis:
"More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before." President Obama #SOTU
Got a question for @DavidAxelrod about the president's speech? Ask now with the hashtag #Obama2012.
Sarah P: Class sizes matter when I have 35 students all with different levels of ability and different special needs.
President Obama celebrates the Olympic and Paralympic athletes of Team U.S.A. in his weekly address:
FACT: The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since January 2009, and consumer confidence is at a five-year high.
You tell them it's still about hope. You tell them it's still about change.
"Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar." President Obama #SOTU #ActOnClimate
Watch live: President Obama speaks about American energy in North Carolina.
The State Department is working to account for and assist any and all American citizens who are in Japan.
President Obama: "I still believe in you, and I m asking you to keep believing in me. I m asking for your vote." #ForwardNotBack
FACT: As of June 2012, more than 3 million young adults have gained health insurance because of Obamacare. #TeamObamacare
POTUS: It s time for a new economic patriotism, rooted in the belief that growing our economy begins with a strong &amp; growing middle class.
President Obama: "Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year."
The folks I just met over pizza in Iowa are exactly why I love coming to this state. Thanks for always making me feel at home. -bo
#Arithmetic:
"I want to wish everybody a Merry Christmas and a joyful holiday season." President Obama during the lighting of @TheNationalTree
The election four years ago wasn t about me. It was about you. My fellow citizens you were the change. President Obama
Education should not be a Democratic or a Republican issue. It s an American issue. It s about what s best for our kids. POTUS
We just hit a major milestone: More than 3 million supporters now own a piece of this campaign.
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nomination the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation.
POTUS: On issue after issue, Governor Romney and Congressman Ryan will take us backward. But the story of America is about moving forward.
We have the chance to meet the challenge of #climate change. Add your voice today:
Watch the President's State of the Union address and get an overview of key points here:
The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night the men and women I meet on the campaign trail.
Let your friends know you had the President's back today:
Photo of the day: Volunteers phone bank in 2010 in support of #DADT repeal, which took effect today.
Have you heard? Applying for health insurance by January 15th means you're covered on February 1st:
"We are a nation of immigrants. It has always given America a big advantage over other nations." President Obama
Happy #Oscars night.
Oklahoma Republican reps on Twitter: @usrepsullivan (OK-1), @tomcoleok04 (OK-4), @replankford (OK-5) #compromise
You've still got time to complete the #50for50 challenge, and help build this organization. Get going:
President Obama will deliver a statement to the press at 1pm ET. Watch live:
We had such a good time at dinner with supporters and how great is Michelle? Watch and pitch in if you can:
"If you say you love Medicare, but your plan turns it into a voucher that ends the guaranteed benefit of Medicare you've got #Romnesia."
The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land:
"For too long, we ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." President Obama
In Chicago, heading to Change Rocks Concert with Macy Gray, Jeff Tweedy, Stephan Jenkins & Jill Sobule
Zoe was born with a heart defect and would have hit her lifetime insurance limit without the Affordable Care Act:
President Obama: Finally, I ll use the savings from ending the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to do some nation-building here at home.
POTUS: I believe it s time to let the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans folks like myself to expire.
"Whatever the symptoms are, don't worry Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions." President Obama on Romnesia
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do.
Don't sleep on this the President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now:
If you still believe in me like I believe in you, I hope you will stand with me this November. President Obama
"This nation is great because we worked as a team. This nation is great because we get each other s backs."
Happening now: President Obama dives into the importance of education to create #ABetterBargain.
Our take: he's right. No major differences between Tea Party agenda and GOP candidates' policies.
Another reason why health care reform is so important to millions of Americans.
RT @kendrickbmeek Historic moment. Historic vote. We delivered on our promise to the American people.
POTUS: If you believe this economy grows best when everybody gets a fair shot _ I ask you to stand with me for a second term as President.
RT if you want a President who thinks change comes from you not one who has totally written you off:
DEADLINE TONIGHT: Add your name to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution.
Retweet if you believe health care isn't a privilege for a fortunate few, but a right for all. #Obamacare
Happy Friday.
Next week Philadelphia hosts the national kickoff of Young Americans for Obama follow @OFA_PA for updates. #FF
I applaud Senators Kerry & Lieberman for their work on legislation to put us on a path to a clean energy economy.
Lilly Ledbetter knows that equal pay for equal work isn't just a women s issue it s a family issue:
"If you work hard, if you're responsible, you can make it here in America." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Pop quiz: What's Congress been doing instead of passing middle-class tax cuts?
Obama in NH: The country has come too far to turn back now. We ve got to continue with the policies that are getting us out of this mess.
Take what matters with you.
The President and First Lady will be in Ohio tomorrow for the first rally of this campaign. Tune in at 12:30pm ET:
"You can't threaten not to pay the bills this country racked up." President Obama on the need for a sensible approach to deficits and debt
POTUS: The bill I m about to sign will accomplish two ideas that are very important for the American people.
No celebrating, because they're going to have an even bigger September. But now we know we can match them, doing this our way.
RT @ecesensei @BarackObama I could pay my property taxes.
I voted for you because you reminded me to be determined enough to see my ambitions through. Michael, Ohio
President Obama: I need all of you to push Congress on this to-do list.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado about what s at stake in this election.
23 days left. Make 5 calls for President Obama today your conversations could make a difference:
Speaking at the dedication of the Ronald H. Brown United States Mission to the United Nations Building at 4:45pm ET
Holding a town hall on economic security in Springfield, MO this morning. Watch it live at
FACT: Obamacare saves Medicare more than $700 billion by cutting waste and insurance company subsidies, and extends Medicare by 8 years.
"The good news is, a growing number of Republican Senators are trying to get things done." President Obama
"We have kicked this particular can down the road long enough everybody knows it." President Obama on the need to #ActOnReform
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to see President Obama announce a new initiative on infrastructure:
Just finished a Town Hall discussion on responsibility and fatherhood with five remarkable fathers. #fathersday
Keep them coming, Twitter; another end-of-quarter drive is just 3 months away! #ObamaCampaignEmailSubjectLines
Chart of the day: How much more do women pay for health insurance?
If you missed it, watch the President's #SOTU address with enhanced graphics &amp; stats on his plan to grow our economy:
Thanks to everyone who joined the conversation on #hc09. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon! -- OFA staff
As a follow-up to Zoe s #ACA story, her parents sent us her (pretty cute) reaction to Thursday s ruling:
RT if you think we ve come too far to go back now:
Presidents tried to reform health care for nearly a century. This one got it done:
Change comes about because people are activated, people are involved. President Obama. Get involved today:
If you live in Illinois, ask @SenatorKirk to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Hosting a St. Patrick's Day celebration at the White House. Watch live at 7:05pm ET.
"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Florida about what s at stake in this election.
Speaking about the situation in Libya. Watch live at 2pm ET.
Delivering a speech to Wall Street on the need for financial reform. Listen live:
The President s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness meets in Pittsburgh. Watch live:
President Obama: Let's work together to make government work better instead of treating it as an enemy or purposefully making it work worse.
"It's wrong for Warren Buffett s secretary to pay a higher tax rate than Warren Buffett." President Obama
This West Wing Week: signing a landmark childhood nutrition bill and working on the middle-class tax cut bill:
89% of Republicans agree we need background checks for ALL gun sales. It's time for Congress to make it happen:
"Fixing our broken immigration system it would help our broken housing market." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Four more years.
Obama: "To grow our middle class, our citizens must have access to the education and training that today s jobs require." #JobsNow
If you missed it, watch yesterday's @WhiteHouse #FiresideHangout with Cecilia Mu oz on #ImmigrationReform.
Under the #IranDeal, Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn more:
This is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing:
Tomorrow, Arne Duncan will be answering your questions on education reform. Ask a question here:
Our new calculator shows how much Senate Republicans' vote not to extend the payroll tax cut will cost you:
200 trillion gallons of rain fell in May the wettest month on record.
Continued congressional inaction is leaving more and more job seekers #OutInTheCold.
"Imagine how much farther along we could be if both parties were working together." President Obama
Photo of the day: @OFA_CA volunteers teamed up with @OFA_NV for their #VotReg11 event this weekend:
Tune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill Air Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy:
"There's no child that we should let slip simply because of politics or because adults can't get their act together." President Obama
Retweet if you #StandWithWomen tonight.
31 reasons health care reform matters:
Stay calm, but act fast: There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama.
Photo of the day: President Obama calls on Congress to extend the transportation bill and keep workers on the job:
"Let's make sure the next generation of women are getting a fair deal." President Obama on fair pay #StandWithWomen #ReadyToWork
"Parties should work together to improve job security." President Obama #SOTU
"Thousands of teachers and educators will be laid off. Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care." Obama
President Obama has made it safer for responsible Americans to borrow money and purchase their homes.
President Obama on Romney s tax plan: Instead of telling us how he d pay for it, he said I ll let you know after the election.
RT @Obama2012: I will not accept an energy strategy that traps us in the past. President Obama speaking in Ohio today
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate: #DoYourJob.
Today, the Senate GOP voted to protect tax loopholes for millionaires at the expense of the middle class:
Father's Day is tomorrow if you haven't already, go ahead and sign President Obama's card:
These stories show why affordable health care for every American can't wait:
The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit:
Romney s firm merged hundreds of small clothing stores, loaded the company up with debt, and drove it into bankruptcy. #RomneyEconomics
RT @laura_carolyn: Sending our wonderful vols out to register voters @ofa_fl! #wecantwait #oneyearout
Disappointed that yet another filibuster has prevented moving forward with the National Defense Authorization Act and #DADT repeal.
Expecting an addition to the family? Check your health care options:
#Obama2012
Hear how Elizabeth M. from South Carolina brought 50 people into this campaign and won our #50for50 challenge:
Educators for Obama out in full force.
Happy FEC-report release day. Here's #Obama2012 state leadership with our February totals &amp; what they've made possible:
In case you missed it, watch last night s conversation with Jon Stewart on @TheDailyShow:
"We all have a job to do and we can do it together. Black and white. Urban and rural. Democrat and Republican." President Obama
High five:
Millions of job seekers are now without a vital lifeline. Congress must #RenewUI and make this right.
History.
RT if you agree: It's unacceptable for Republicans in Congress to cut vital services instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires.
Speaking about the economy in Beltsville, Maryland. Listen live at 11:40am ET.
President Obama in NH: It s your choice. It s up to the young people who are here to choose a future that s worthy of all of your dreams.
Nearly 60% of uninsured Americans could get covered for $100/month or less:
Make your voice heard: The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.
Tell Congress: It's time to save lives by passing background checks for all gun sales.
You can no longer be denied health care due to a pre-existing condition. Period. See your options and get covered:
Bob wants you to check your options, just like he did.
Climate change activists scored a massive victory yesterday:
Watch a livestream of the second inauguration here starting at 11:30am ET:
President Obama: "Think about the America within our reach: A country that leads the world in educating its people." #SOTU
FACT: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, a small business with 10 workers could save $35,000 a year on employee health care. #ACA
New contraception guidelines under the #ACA will save women money while protecting religious freedom. Get the facts:
Two heads are better than one. #science
Read up on President Obama's all-of-the-above approach to addressing gas prices:
President Obama has improved education standards and made college more affordable. How have these reforms affected you?
President Obama: I've come to Ohio today to ask you for your vote. I need your vote, and I need your help to move this country forward.
Erica was 26 and without health insurance when she fell into a coma. Here's what happened next.
Cleveland: Crowd, tarmac, setting sun.
I m going to keep asking the American people to stand up and raise their voices, because these measures deserve a vote. President Obama
Romney s endorsement of Mourdock is just the latest example of the severely conservative candidates he supports.
FACT: The President is offering states flexibility for improved welfare-to-work programs that would increase job placement by at least 20%.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
WATCH: The President is at Fort Hood paying tribute to the victims of the recent tragedy.
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." @VP
How President Obama is answering the call to #ActOnClimate.
Watch as President Obama and @FLOTUS welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House:
A new @WhiteHouse solar energy plan will cut carbon pollution and help save on energy bills:
For the first time in this campaign, Romney and the GOP raised more than we did last month. Help close the gap:
WATCH: President Obama is in Tarrytown, NY, discussing the need to improve infrastructure and #RebuildAmerica.
"If people want to know what I stand for, they can look at my record as governor."
With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care. #EnoughAlready
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando.
You have until March 31st to enroll in affordable, quality health insurance on the new marketplace:
Everyone has a reason for getting involved. For a lot of folks at @OFA_IA, Will's call was that reason:
Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read more:
Members of Congress need to know you support the plan laid out in last night's address. Please call your reps today:
"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." President Obama #IranDeal
"It s not a bigger government we need, but a smarter government that sets priorities and invests in broad-based growth." #JobsNow
This MLK Day, help build the future Dr. King envisioned by reaching out and registering people to vote:
FACT: Thanks to health care reform, the number of uninsured young adults fell by one-sixth in 2011.
Photo of the day: First Lady Michelle Obama joins Extreme Makeover: Home Edition to support veterans in N.C.
Ninety-seven percent of scientists agree: #climate change is real, man-made and dangerous. Read more:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Nevada about the choice we face in this election.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s signing of the STOCK Act from @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny. President Obama #IranDeal
"7.1 million people have now signed up for private insurance plans." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
In Boston with Governor Deval Patrick for a rally starting at 5:30PM at Parkman Bandstand on Boston Common
The party that finally made real the idea that no one should be denied health care just because they get sick: #FF @DemocratsDotOrg.
I don t believe we can have a strong and growing economy without a strong and growing middle class.
"Go Team USA." President Obama #USMNT
LIVE: The President is speaking about fighting for the #WorkplaceFairness that Americans deserve.
President Obama: Giving more power back to the biggest banks isn't change. Leaving millions without health insurance isn't change.
Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million Americans. Show your support add your name today:
FACT: Romney s plan to give tax breaks to millionaires and raise taxes on the middle class would lead to endless deficits, not job creation.
"For the first time in 40 years, America's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." President Obama
Your free chance to meet the President. No catch, just sign up here:
FACT: President Obama doubled funding for Pell Grants, increasing the number of recipients to nearly 10 million students. #progress
The #PatientsBillofRights phases out annual dollar limits on coverage over the next three years.
RT @OFA_MI Happy Auto Show Week! Chrysler is bringing 1100 new jobs to Detroit now that's some good news. #Obama2012
Watch: This shoe store owner knows running a successful business means happy, well-paid employees.
At the University of Iowa envisioning affordable universal healthcare by end of first term.
Spread the word: Because of #Obamacare, annual checkups and many screenings and vaccines are free of charge.
A government shutdown could undermine our recovering economy say #EnoughAlready.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine.
We ve all got reasons for supporting the President and now it's time to show it. Pitch in $5 before midnight:
"The uninsured rate in America is now the lowest on record." President Obama #ACAWorks
Retweet if you're glad people with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health care. #Obamacare
Year in review: The U.S. economy took a major step forward in 2014.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado about the choice we face in this election.
Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change:
Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the country.
LIVE: President Obama is in Milwaukee speaking at Laborfest 2014. Tune in:
President Obama will speak on the need to fix our broken immigration system today at 2:55pm ET. Watch live here:
In Florida, business owners and the self-employed are seeing big savings thanks to the Affordable Care Act:
Sarah Jessica Parker is hosting the President and First Lady at her home in NYC, and you could be on the guest list:
It's official: Mount McKinley is now Denali.
This West Wing Week: attend the G-20 in Seoul and the annual APEC meeting in Yokohama.
Watch live: President Obama signs the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank.
President Obama in Milwaukee: No American company should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs overseas.
Read from @GinaEPA on how the United States is leading the international effort to #ActOnClimate:
The crowd in Columbus:
President Obama: "If people ask you what this campaign is about, you tell them it s still about hope. It s still about change."
Today, President Obama took important steps to reduce and prevent prescription drug shortages:
Photo of the day: President Obama kicks off his White House economic tour in Cannon Falls, Minnesota:
Last week, more than 190 countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation.
Add your name:
President Obama: "I want to reduce the deficit without sticking it to the middle class. I want to simplify the tax code so it s fair."
FACT: The U.S. has enough wind turbines online to power nearly 13 million homes or as many as in NV, CO, WI, VA, AL and CT combined.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives.
FACT: President Obama s plan would extend tax cuts for 98% of Americans, saving the typical family of four #2200dollars next year.
Don t miss out enter for the chance to celebrate the President s birthday with him in Chicago:
"We can t afford to jeopardize our future by repeating the mistakes of the past." President Obama
Happy LGBT Pride Month. Look at how far we've come this year in the fight for #MarriageEquality.
President Obama: "Our top priority must be to do everything we can to grow the economy and create good, middle-class jobs." #JobsNow
Another reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:
Tell Congress to seize this moment and get comprehensive #ImmigrationReform passed. Join us this week:
"Most Americans don't see things through a political lens or an ideological lens." President Obama
States along the East Coast are preparing for Hurricane Sandy support American Red Cross disaster relief efforts here:
Pitch in $10 before midnight and get a Vote Obama car magnet shipping s on us:
The world's scientists are loud and clear it's time to listen.
You have less than a week left time to #GetCoveredNow:
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the 90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." President Obama
A new tool to build this campaign anytime, anywhere:
POTUS: We must keep striving for an America where everyone gets an equal day's pay for an equal day's work.
LIVE: The President speaks about the new marketplace after meeting with Americans who will benefit from #Obamacare.
Rock 'n roll.
President Obama takes the stage:
We're measuring this campaign's strength in people, not dollars. Help us meet our goal of 450,000 grassroots donors:
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment rate middle-class economics is working.
If you ve got the President s back this year, say you re in:
A free Young Americans for Obama bumper (or laptop, or bike) sticker for you just tell us where to send it:
Don't let up. Keep fighting for what you believe in chip in right now:
"It s up to you and all the people across the country to tell the people in Washington, focus on getting stuff done." President Obama
Taking care of family: Just one reason why #My2K matters. Tell Congress to keep taxes low:
Making a personnel announcement at 2:30pm ET. Watch live at
President Obama: Number 4: My plan will cut the deficit by $4 trillion in 10 years. #AmericaForward
"Mine isn t a big donation, maybe it s enough for a box of light bulbs even that can keep an office up and running!
Stay safe this winter enroll in a health plan by January 15th and you'll be covered on February 1st.
Tell @OFA: What issues do you want to hear about on Tuesday during the State of the Union?
"All we required was the opportunity to succeed." #ImmigrationStory:
Hello, spring.
"Let s do the right thing for them, and for this country we love so much." President Obama
Throwback to last week when a woman not her boss made her own decisions about her health care. #TBT
Six months ago today, we made history. And we're not done yet.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act.
The President is set to speak at 4:40pm ET about deficit reduction. Watch live:
If you ve got a pet and you re for Obama, this is a page you need to like:
President Obama on extending middle-class tax cuts: "Time is running out. And there are two things that can happen."
Mitt Romney made a lot of familiar promises as a candidate for governor and didn't keep them:
I will wake up every single day fighting for you. President Obama
"When the rungs on the ladder of opportunity grow farther and farther apart, it undermines the very essence of America." President Obama
ICYMI: Yesterday was an important day for marriage equality.
You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance:
"One of the things that makes this country great is that we are a nation of immigrants." President Obama
This election could come down to just a handful of votes. Find out where to cast yours:
"Right now, Congress can pass a law that would prevent a tax hike on the first $250,000 of everybody's income." President Obama
You're running out of time. Get calculating and #GetCovered.
"Today, Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in the United States and around the world in marking Ash Wednesday." President Obama
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history.
It was my honor to sign the #DADT Repeal Act of 2010 into law:
"By preventing even a vote on this bill, they prevented a raise for 28 million hard-working Americans." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Make sure Americans have the information they need to #GetCovered. Join Team Obamacare:
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31:
LAST CALL: Enter for a chance to meet President Obama.
Retweet if you agree: Our country deserves a working #immigration system, and immigration reform deserves a vote in the House.
The fab four:
If you missed the President's State of the Union last night, get an overview here:
President Obama talks about jobs and the economy at a LinkedIn town hall. Watch live:
"Today the federal minimum wage doesn't even go as far as it did back in the 1950s." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
Fireworks! Watch the White House's live stream:
We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.
President Obama: We know that our country is stronger when we can count on affordable health insurance and Medicare and Social Security.
Own a part of this movement chip in now:
Don't forget: The White House Summit on #WorkingFamilies starts tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. ET.
Thanks for following OFA staff s live tweets. Get reactions to tonight s address at @TheDemocrats. #SOTU
Want to make a difference?
Get ready: It's time for the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Tune in at 6:00 p.m. ET.
"Take a pledge to help keep women and men safe from sexual assault." President Obama #ItsOnUs
President Obama: "It's up to the young people who are here to choose the future that you want." #AmericaForward
President Obama: Their bet is on cynicism. But Nevada, my bet s on you. My bet s on the decency and good sense of the American people.
"We're here because you're doing really good stuff that everyone else needs to pay attention to." President Obama to @GeneralElectric
Last night, Senate Democrats tried to pass a piece of the President's jobs plan to prevent layoffs of teachers, cops, and firefighters.
A helping hand.
President Obama: Your education is the single most important investment you can make in your future.
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to put politics aside and #DoSomething about gun violence.
President Obama supports passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which Congress puts to a vote tomorrow:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about helping all young Americans reach their full potential at the #WHFilmFest.
Why sign a petition? Your signature is your voice.
The secret's out: You can join the President in Chicago on Election Night (and have a front row ticket to history).
Tell @SpeakerBoehner to count the votes in the House there are enough to end the shutdown:
FACT: Lifetime limits on health care spending are gone, thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
Hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise, plain and simple. Sign this petition:
This is a make-or-break moment for the middle class, and we ve been through too much to turn back now.
Recovery, courage two of the words 100,000 people used to thank Gabby Giffords:
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement.
For Diarra from New Jersey, the best moment of the last year was the President's State of the Union:
President Obama to the students at #WHScienceFair: "This is what inspires me and gets me up every day."
At 2:45 pm ET, the President will speak from the Lincoln Memorial, honoring the dream Dr. King shared 50 years ago. #MLKDream50
Check out the most recent editorial boards calling on Senate leaders to vote on Judge Garland:
This year, stand up and be heard. Raise your vote.
Fired up for this campaign's first rally? Tag your tweets #Obama2012 and they might show up on the big screen in Columbus or the livestream.
Bringing home the gold and training the next generation of American heroes U.S.A. Gymnastics has a lot to be proud of:
LIVE: The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Our take: Mitt Romney should listen to Lilly Ledbetter.
Delivering a statement after meeting with congressional leaders from both parties. Watch live at noon ET.
The President: The bipartisan Senate agreement "is the right thing to do for our country and the House should pass it without delay."
Walter shares why teachers like him should pitch in and support the President:
Insurance companies can charge women more for the same coverage in 33 states. The #ACA makes that discrimination illegal in 2014.
"On election night [in 2008], I said to all of those Americans who didn t vote for me I may not have won your vote, but I hear your voices."
Thanks for your questions. Hope to do this again soon. Look forward to seeing you along the way. -Axe
Retweet if you agree: A clear, effective legal #immigration system will create jobs and encourage innovation.
Helping millions of Americans afford college:
President Obama: All we ask is for our hard work to pay off; for our responsibility to be rewarded.
Our first major fundraising deadline is Thursday and 404,954 people have stepped up already. Join them:
FACT: President Obama's plan extends tax cuts for 98% of Americans saving the typical family of four #2200dollars next year.
Addressing the Business Roundtable at 1pm ET. See how business leaders and the WH are working together to create jobs.
Please watch this special message, and if you haven't already, tell your members of Congress you support reform:
Be heard by Congress on the issues that matter. Take action during the congressional recess:
President Obama in his victory speech last night: "For the United States of America, the best is yet to come."
At 4:30 p.m. ET, join David Plouffe for a strategy session on #OFA's plan for 2010 and how you can get involved.
"The time has come for common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform." President Obama. Show your support:
Jeanne, a student from PA: "I don't have a lot of extra income, but I'll forgo pizza night to help this movement out."
FACT: Paul Ryan supports writing discrimination into the Constitution with an amendment banning gay marriage.
Happy Hanukkah, everybody, from the Obama family to yours. Chag Sameach!
Small Business Jobs Act will cut taxes and make more loans available for small business. It s a great victory for America s entrepreneurs.
"Let us carry his legacy forward." President Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago today
Women pay up to 50% more than men for the same health coverage discrimination that the Affordable Care Act bans starting in 2014. #ACA
President Obama in Ohio: "This morning we learned companies hired more workers in October than any time in the last 8 months." #Forward2012
I am fighting every day in this campaign to build a better future for our daughter. Rob Diamond of @Vets4Obama:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to Alaska and pledges to #ActOnClimate.
President Obama: My plans already extended Medicare by nearly a decade. Their plan ends Medicare as we know it.
Obama on Romney: "His foreign policy is from the 1980s, his social policy is from the 1950s, and his economic policies are from the 1920s."
America's mayors are calling for Congress to #DoSomething about gun violence.
Worth a RT: Obama is cutting our oil imports Romney would make us more dependent on foreign oil.
If you re a parent for Obama, make it official here:
Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to #ActOnClimate:
.@larenard Huge mobilization effort underway. Most important thing is to make sure you're registered &amp; know how to vote
Passionate student organizers came together at @OFA's Campus Organizing Summit. Find out more:
Each of us deserves the freedom to pursue our own version of happiness. No one deserves to be bullied. #itgetsbetter
President Obama is standing up for the middle class. Stand with him:
If you missed the President's Twitter Q&amp;A on middle class tax cuts, catch the whole thing here:
For the trivia players: Today, the Capitol Dome celebrates its 150th anniversary.
Virginia was denied by health insurance companies more times than she could count. Now she's covered:
Volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. Team Obamacare needs you.
The President proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. Add your name to fight for cleaner air:
America endures. #NeverForget
America needs to #LeadOnTrade by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via @WhiteHouse)
Will Ferrell will do anything to get you and your friends to vote right now:
"Gov. Romney feels comfortable having politicians in Washington decide the health care choices that women are making." President Obama
"Employer: United States of America. Occupation: President." President Obama donates ahead of tonight's deadline:
Last call for a chance to have coffee on the campaign trail with VP Biden your odds are better than you think:
"President Obama defines this campaign in three eloquent, reasonable minutes":
FACT: More than 10,000 teachers and school staff could lose their jobs if Congress doesn't stop #CutsWeCantAfford.
President Obama: "I m not giving up on the fight, and I hope you re not either. I still need you fired up." #WeDecide
Twenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more. #HappyAnniversary
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: Congress needs to keep up and #RaiseTheWage for hard-working Americans nationwide.
Are you on Google+? Join the conversation happening on the Obama 2012 page:
A little Wilco, a bit of No Doubt check out what else made it onto the new official #Obama2012 campaign playlist:
Mitt Romney is asking for apologies, all while running a campaign dedicated to attacks:
This is how #Obamacare is making health care in America better:
"Six months ago today, a big part of the Affordable Care Act kicked in." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
Support #Obama2012 this St. Patrick s Day order your O Bama 2012 t-shirt today to ensure you ll have it for the 17TH:
President Obama lays out new initiatives to help veterans succeed in the civilian workforce. Watch live:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado about what s at stake for the middle class this fall.
President Obama will hold a news conference at 11am ET this morning. Watch live:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to #GetCovered:
LAST CALL: There are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st.
Our take: Gov. Romney s decision to directly enlist himself in the birther movement should give pause to any rational voter across America.
Read all about it: Hawaii could become the next state to embrace #MarriageEquality.
One of our favorite photos from this year: President Obama sits on the Rosa Parks bus at the Henry Ford Museum.
Take a look at our fact sheet on why bringing girls and women into STEM fields is so important.
Don't forget to sign @MichelleObama's Mother's Day card before tomorrow:
"Call your members of Congress. Write them an email. Tweet it using the hashtag #My2K." President Obama
Photo of the day: President Obama gets caught in Spider-Man's web.
Make sure your friends know about the President's plan to keep taxes low for the middle class and reduce the deficit:
See what happened when Jim from Ohio found out he gets to have dinner with President Obama:
"We've got to rebuild ladders of opportunity for all those Americans who haven't made it yet." President Obama #ABetterBargain
(Adorable) Coloradans for Obama:
"We have to work together as a global community to tackle this global threat before it is too late." President Obama #ActOnClimate
New York Times: Mitt Romney s claims about the President's welfare policy are blatantly false.
Another record broken.
It s simple: Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise. Sign the petition:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on Ukraine.
President Obama urges Congress to prevent student loan interest rates from doubling:
In Florida at Palm Beach Community College, Lake Worth Campus. Watch the event live at
FACT: Paul Ryan voted against extending the production tax credit for wind energy.
This weekend, Florida supporters are taking part in a statewide day of action. Follow @OFA_FL to stay connected. #FF
POTUS on Afghanistan: "I ve said we would end this war in 2014. Gov. Romney last week didn t have a thing to say about the war."
Get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of 2015:
The President outlined a plan for common-sense immigration reform yesterday watch here:
"This is not just an issue of fairness, it's a family issue and an economic issue." President Obama #FairFutureNow
In Fairfax, VA at Robinson Secondary School discussing economic security. Watch live at
"Every woman should be able to make her own choices about her body and her health." President Obama on the 41st anniversary of Roe v. Wade
Raising the minimum wage is good for our families and our economy. Add your voice today:
Check out the recap of @DavidAxelrod s Twitter Q&amp;A about the President s speech:
President Obama: "We ended the war in Iraq, refocused ourselves on who actually attacked us on 9-11." #StrongerWithObama
"You ve heard of the New Deal. You ve heard of the Fair Deal ... Mitt Romney s trying to sell us the #SketchyDeal." President Obama
John, a general contractor from California, is reminded every day that we can t wait to help homeowners:
Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them out:
POTUS: "The average middle-class family their taxes are about $3,600 lower than before I came into office.
Michelle Obama on the next step of our movement: Organizing for Action.
"The number one reason I m optimistic going into 2016: It's you the American people." President Obama
"All Americans stand with the people of Boston." President Obama
Thanks to health care reform, expecting families have the protection they deserve.
"Stick with this guy he will move us forward." Americans on why they're with President Obama:
Delivering remarks at the Pentagon Memorial on this anniversary of the September 11 attacks. Watch live at 9:30am ET.
We've got a crucial fundraising deadline tomorrow night. Can you do your part by chipping in $5?
Getting help is easy. Check out your options and #GetCovered today:
FACT: Romney is Richard Mourdock s most prominent supporter, and the star of his latest campaign ad:
Better hurry the deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight.
President Obama: "It s now been just over 100 days since the murder of 20 innocent children and 6 brave educators in Newtown." #DemandAction
Send your friends a postcard to let them know why you like Obamacare and why they should, too:
"Don't boo vote." President Obama:
97% of scientists agree #climate change is happening. Watch @OFA's new video calling out deniers in Congress:
Happening now: President Obama speaking at the daily White House press conference. Watch live:
Chip in $5 to help more people get the information they need to get covered:
"This is the 1st time I've knocked on doors in 40 years!" @OFA_OH volunteer Judy:
RT @Sabrioli: Gainesville #WeCantWait!
Let foreclosures "hit the bottom"? Our take: Romney won't lift a finger to protect the middle class.
Several GOP-controlled states have been playing politics with democracy. It's not going to stop voters like Dorothy:
Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. Add your voice to show support:
"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama and supporters across the country launched this campaign a year ago today. Happy anniversary. #Obama2012
State by state, city by city: See how President Obama s policies are helping people in your area with this cool map.
Join Americans across the country and take the #LiveTheWage Challenge:
"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." President Obama #IranDeal
President Obama on Romney: His plan will not create jobs. It will not help the middle class. It will not speed up the recovery.
Big news: In the past two months, 1.2 million Americans got covered, thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
The U.S. solar industry is booming. Read more from @BW:
RT @lizmcguire: Making fleece blankets for children in Cambridge, MA homeless shelters. #MLK2012 #Obama2012
Jackie Robinson West All Stars: America's champions.
"As long as they do nothing, I'm not going to apologize for doing something." President Obama on House leadership #RebuildAmerica
Last call: Meet President Obama and President Clinton on the campaign trail next week, airfare included.
President Obama: "When I sent young men and women into harm s way, I always understand that that is the last resort, not the first resort."
FACT: President Obama's plan calls for investing in homegrown clean energy that helps protect families from spikes in gas prices. #JobsNow
Stickers! Get them here:
This week, President Obama traveled to Pittsburgh and Iowa to talk about jobs and manufacturing. Watch on West Wing Week
POTUS on why Romney economics matters: As president, "Your job is to figure out how everybody has a fair shot."
"The death of Michael Brown is heartbreaking." President Obama. Read the full statement:
It's deadline day for the #RunwayToWin challenge. Submit your design to support President Obama creatively:
It's official: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999.
Illinois Republican reps on Twitter: @PeterRoskam (IL-6), @RepJoeWalsh (IL-8), @RepDold (IL-10), @RepKinzinger (IL-11)
New York Times Robert Semple: The U.S can t just drill its way to energy independence.
This minimum wage petition will be delivered to lawmakers soon. Add your name before the deadline:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency.
5 days until this election s over. Help win this thing get out the vote this weekend:
Yumi used to think she couldn't make a difference now she's helping DREAMers in her community. Read her story:
LIVE: A day after his State of the Union address, President Obama is in Idaho spekaing at @BoiseStateLive. Tune in:
Julius was able to follow his dream, thanks to new, affordable coverage:
Kendra of New York: 'Women are not an interest group' was the best line of any campaign in my recent memory!
FINAL CALL: Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today.
Get tweeting: Let people know they only have #14DaysLeft to get covered in 2014.
#PromiseKept:
Folks who've fallen on hard times through no fault of their own need emergency relief to weather this economic storm.
It was a beautiful weekend to get out and talk to voters. Even the Easter Bunny got in on the action:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
In Las Vegas, last stop of the day: vote early.
Toledo Blade: "Ohioans will best serve their own interests, and those of the country, by re-electing President Obama."
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on #Obamacare's progress not take it away.
Ever dreamed of meeting President Obama? This is what it's like in real life:
Don't take chances with your health. #GetCoveredNow
I want new cars on the streets of Seoul imported from Detroit, and Toledo, and Milwaukee. President Obama on increasing U.S. exports
"It's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." President Obama #WomenSucceed
"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." President Obama
"We're not going to have to wait that long ... it's clear we're reaching a turning point." President Obama on #MarriageEquality today.
If you do one thing today: Share gottavote _org with 10 friends to make sure they re registered to vote.
Good news: In September, U.S. job openings and overall hiring both reached five-year highs. More from @AP:
Watch the weekly address: The President reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by ISIL.
"States that have increased the minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than those that didn't." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
"I m putting forward a practical, 5-point plan to create jobs and rebuild the middle class." President Obama:
Obama on Romney's failure to mention veterans last night: "They deserve better from somebody who wants to be commander in chief."
"Change does not come from Washington, but to Washington." President Obama #MLKDream50
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now:
President Obama on Romney's claim he'll be tough on China: "It feels like a fox saying we need more secure chicken coops."
Organizing communities block by block is how we re going to win be a leader and organize yours this summer:
Happy #OpeningDay.
Now is the time to act:
7 out of 10 Americans support limiting carbon emissions from power plants:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the @BizRoundtable.
President Obama: "I m going to keep pushing to make sure the minimum wage becomes a wage you can live on." #JobsNotCuts
Today, @VP spoke in Virginia about why we ve got to pass the American Jobs Act. Stand with him in support of jobs:
"If you're from Indiana, you'd better have a good basketball team." President Obama welcoming WNBA champs @IndianaFever to the White House
"We now export more goods and services than ever before and that means more jobs right here in the U.S.A." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
.@Messina2012: Organizing on the ground, talking to voters, getting you involved that s how we win.
FACT: President Obama s plan to extend tax cuts for people making less than $250,000 a year could save the typical family $2,200 next year.
Judy chipped in a few bucks to help this campaign win and ended up at dinner with Barack:
Don't miss out:
With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our economy.
Only 5 days before Congress leaves for summer recess. Tell them to act on the President s jobs plan now:
Ready. #LetsDoThis #WorldCup
Be part of the team debunking myths with facts join the @OFA Truth Team:
Go behind the scenes in the fight for campaign finance reform and at yesterday's appearance on The View.
"There is absolutely no reason none not to protect [middle class] Americans from a tax hike." President Obama
Last call to get your favorite Obama bumper sticker for free choose yours right now:
At some internships, you ll make copies. As an intern at #Obama2012 HQ, you could have lunch with @DavidAxelrod:
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.
In the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget.
"This is an issue of basic fairness: If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." President Obama #FixOvertime
"This law is just one step in the broader effort to strengthen our economy and broaden opportunity for everybody." President Obama
Help make 2014 a year of action:
"I don t have much patience for people who deny climate change." President Obama
"I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired us with courage and love." President Obama
"The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of Americans." President Obama
Clear eyes, full hearts.
Make an #Obama2012 purchase today and get it by Election Day. 30% off orders of $10 or more with the code LASTCALL:
Burning a Quran is contrary to our values this country was built on the notions of religious freedom and tolerance.
Studies show that #Obamacare is not killing full-time jobs like critics claim:
Neither my siblings nor I could separate the needs of our parents from the needs of our children. @VP Biden:
If you want to put teachers back in these classrooms pass this jobs bill.
In Chicago - heading to the AFL-CIO Presidential Forum. It is on MSNBC tonight live at 7pm EDT, moderated by Keith Olbermann.
Hard work deserves more than $7.25 per hour. Join the fight to #RaiseTheWage now:
4 days left to make sure President Obama gets 4 more years. Sign up to get out the vote this weekend:
RT @dgstein @BarackObama It means my cousins, Staff Sergeants in the Marines and Army, can stay home!
For real though:
This matters: Obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health care.
$7.25 an hour just isn't enough. It's time to #RaiseTheWage:
Tune in at 12:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
Let your Republican legislators know we can't wait that long for action on jobs.
Tomorrow is President Obama's birthday. Sign @OFA's birthday card and send your best wishes:
Watch live: President Obama on why Congress needs to prevent a student loan rate hike.
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders: #DoYourJob.
Retweet if you agree it's time to #EndThisNow before our country faces an economic shutdown.
"If our changing climate goes unchecked, it will have devastating impacts on the United States and the planet." @GinaEPA #ScienceSaysSo
Since this campaign launched in April 2011, a total of 3,922,420 people have pitched in to make it what it is.
"The number of Americans who have signed up for health insurance in the marketplaces has risen to 8 million." President Obama
Not your typical internship apply to join us this spring at #Obama2012 headquarters, or pass it on to your friends:
"These tragedies must end. And to end them, we must change." President Obama
Volunteers kicked off the last 100 days of this campaign with more than 4,700 events this weekend. See some highlights:
These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions:
FINAL HOURS: It's the last call for health coverage in 2014:
Right now, the website is too slow. Too many people have gotten stuck. And I am not happy about that. President Obama
FACT: Paul Ryan would turn Medicare into a voucher program, forcing seniors to pay up to $6,350 a year more in health care costs.
"Congress needs to keep our government open it needs to pay our bills on time. Time is running out." President Obama #EnoughAlready
Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last #SOTU:
RT @OFA_NC: So many friendly fired up faces at the #Greensboro Office Opening. #NC #Obama2012
Use this calculator to see how the President's policies are helping students with their loans:
"If there's even one life that can be saved, then we've got an obligation to try." President Obama
"If automatic cuts are allowed to go through, thousands of dollars will be cut from the school budget where I teach." Anna C. #JobsNotCuts
DYK: 1 in 4 of America's bridges requires significant repair or cannot handle today's traffic. #RebuildAmerica
Mark Halperin: I don t think anyone can say Gov. Romney won this debate.
If you live in Texas, ask @JohnCornyn and @kaybaileyhutch to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
"All of our men and women in uniform around the world must know that they have our respect, our gratitude, and our full support." #SOTU
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding #CollegeOpportunity.
Nevada, pass it on: Polls close at 7pm PT. You can vote as long as you're in line before then. #StayInLine
"Nothing can ever break us. Nothing can change who we are as Americans." President Obama
Enter #DinnerWithBarack today for your chance to bring a guest to dinner with President Obama:
RT if you agree: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save lives and it's time for Congress to act.
A night with the Obamas at Sarah Jessica Parker s NYC home it s a good guest list to be on:
Change doesn't happen on accident...
Retweet if you agree: Our immigration system should help unite families as quickly as possible. #AmericanStory
We re only 99 days out from the election, so sign up for Dashboard the #Obama2012 online organizing tool:
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators:
Chrysler posts its best quarterly profit in 13 years: "Not bad for a company that almost died 3 years ago."
Now that the GOP primary is all but over, remember what Romney said he d do to roll back our progress:
All over the country, enrollment is surging:
LIVE: Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of affordable higher education:
It's crucial to #ActOnClimate and this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step forward.
Thanks to the courage and skill of our forces, Osama bin Laden will never threaten America again, and al Qaeda is on the road to defeat.
LIVE: President Obama is in Utah talking about training American workers for clean energy jobs.
A lot of amazing women are standing with the President including a few familiar faces:
In North Charleston,SC at a "Stand for Change" rally. Watch Letterman's Top 10 tonight. The Late Show is on CBS at 11:35pm ET/PT.
FACT: President Obama refocused on the terrorists who attacked us devastating al-Qaeda s leadership and bringing Osama bin Laden to justice.
Two-thirds of America s millionaires support the #BuffettRule:
Two weeks from today, Americans in all 50 states will step into a voting booth. But here in Florida, you get to start voting on Saturday.
Help pass the American Clean Energy and Security Act -- crucial to creating a clean energy economy:
"Billions of dollars' worth of good news." This chart shows the growth in health care costs is slowing:
Volunteer artists sent in their best designs inspired by President Obama and you can vote on your favorite:
If you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help Americans get covered:
#BoBackThursday #TBT
"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." President Obama
RT @repblumenauer House did its job, now the ball is in the Senate's court. Don't let America down and let's get this done!
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." President Obama #SOTU
"I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." President Obama
We can win the future by unleashing the talent and ingenuity of businesses and workers in every corner of this country.
If you enroll today, health insurance can be yours on January 1st.
Thanks to the President s policies, 5.9 million homeowners have modified their mortgages, avoided foreclosure, and stayed in their homes.
Retweet if you agree that the best way to honor 26 #Newtown victims is for Congress to pass common-sense gun violence legislation.
Vice President Biden on the good news out of Detroit this week:
"I am the Champion in Chief for comprehensive immigration reform." President Obama #ActOnReform
President Obama: We have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy. #WomenSucceed
Read how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy:
Stand with Barack and Joe today:
"We ve got more doors of opportunity to open for everyone who s willing to work hard and walk through them." President Obama
Tomorrow will mark a year since our historic victory. Do you have a favorite 2008 Election Day memory? Share your stories via #Nov4
"We cannot price the middle class out of a college education." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stop add your name if you agree:
We'll be live-tweeting the President's AIPAC speech over at @Obama2012.
Mark became a victim of gun violence on December 14th, 1998. His mother tells his story:
Stand with me in backing clean energy. Send a clear message that the American people are ready for a clean-energy future.
When storms strike Main St., we don t play politics with emergency aid or desert fellow Americans during hard times.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about an economy built to last at the University of Miami.
RT @Obama2012: Our strength resides in thousands of volunteer leaders:
Explore @VP Biden s life and career on his new Facebook Timeline and check him out in action with POTUS:
Tonight it's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union.
FACT: President Obama has signed 18 tax cuts that are helping small businesses grow and create jobs. #progress
Retweet if you're ready for Representative @PRyan to fulfill his commitment on #immigration reform.
Make your pick for tomorrow's big matchup and add the President's favorite chili recipe to your gameday spread:
The President's hitting the road to Charlotte to accept the nomination at the @DemConvention on Thursday follow along:
"I don t think any politician in Washington, most of whom are male, should be making health care decisions for women."
"Our journey is not complete." President Obama
RT if you agree: We don't have to choose between clean air, clean water, and a growing economy.
"We can help every American get the education they need to get ahead in this country." President Obama
Being President of the United States of America means you're President for everybody.
FACT: Paul Ryan s budget plan would eliminate tax credits and funding for clean energy, and make deep cuts to investments in energy R&amp;D.
This week we re honoring strong women in public service, including Justices Kagan and Sotomayor. View our slideshow:
Just 4 days before Congress leaves for summer recess. Tell them to act on the President s jobs plan this week:
Are you a woman for Obama? Say it loud and proud with a free bumper sticker:
President Obama makes a statement on the payroll tax cut:
200 days to go as interpreted by the canvassers/button enthusiasts of @OFA_VA:
"My No. 1 criteria in making these decisions is simple: Who is going to do the best job of securing America." President Obama
"Today and in the decades to come, let us carry his legacy forward." President Obama on the Day of Remembrance for President John F. Kennedy
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July a record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.
"Health care reform in this state was a success. That doesn't mean it was perfect right away." President Obama on health reform in Mass.
Get important news delivered straight to your inbox join the @OFA Truth Team:
Hello, Florida:
Today, double your impact and grab a friend to volunteer with you this weekend:
"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." President Obama to the @ussoccer_wnt #SheBelieves
Hey, this is Barack! President Obama makes calls with volunteers in Chicago:
They met the President. So could you.
FACT: Romney and Ryan would repeal health care reform, forcing seniors to pay higher Medicare premiums and raising prescription drug costs.
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look:
In Sarasota, FL. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
Georgia Republican reps on Twitter:@JackKingston(GA-1), @RepWestmoreland (GA-3), @RepTomPrice (GA-6), @AustinScottGA08 (GA-08) #compromise
"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" President Obama
"We're poised to be able to finally reverse some of the forces that were hurting middle class families for so long." President Obama
If we want to win the future if we want innovation to produce jobs in America then we also have to win the race to educate our kids. #SOTU
Happening now: President Obama is participating in a town hall with members of the @CrossCampusLA community.
Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall:
You've now pledged almost 7 million volunteer hours to candidates who fight for health reform. Thank you.
"Americans across the country are already paying the price of inaction." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Americans are seeing the benefits of #Obamacare every day. Here are their stories on #WhatHasObamaCareDoneForMeLately
Tune in at 4:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois:
"A clear majority of Americans support raising the minimum wage." President Obama
RT if you agree: We can t afford a leader who writes off nearly half the country before he even takes office.
Kentucky and Baylor cut down the nets but did you beat #BaracksBracket? See if you made the All-Bracket Challenge team:
The President will be sitting down with four supporters for a meal and a conversation this fall. Enter to join him:
Watch LIVE: President Obama is in Landham, MD, to talk about the importance of raising the minimum wage.
Add your name to demand that the Koch brothers make their donors public:
Middle-class families like mine need to have a leader like you standing up for the issues that matter most.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about energy efficiency in Mountain View, CA. Tune in:
"Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids."
Register to vote in less than 5 minutes:
An average of 72,000 Americans are losing unemployment insurance every week:
It's more affordable for me and it gives me an extra $75/month that I have in my pocket. #ThisIsWhy
RT @helliepod: #ILikeObamacare see why you should too, and help spread the word about health care reform:
Taking #ImmigrationAction is the right thing to do.
President Obama on Romney: "Just a few weeks ago, you said you think we should have more troops in Iraq right now." #RomneyWrong
I don t want my daughters, or your daughters, paid less than a man for doing the same job. President Obama
Photo of the day: President Obama welcomes the San Francisco Giants, 2010 World Series Champions, to the White House.
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." President Obama
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance at @LehmanCollege.
Can we list all the taxes and fees Gov. Romney raised on the Massachusetts middle class in 30 seconds?
President Obama said he d fight to make college more affordable and he did:
FACT: For the average family earning $20,000 to $30,000, raising the minimum wage would cover a year of groceries or 6 months of housing.
Delivering remarks on the economy at the AFL-CIO Executive Council Meeting in Washington. Listen live at 11:05 am ET.
FLOTUS: "We re here because of the values we believe in. We re here because of the vision for this country that we all share." #Obama2012
"If you work hard, you should be able to pay your rent, buy your groceries, look after your kids." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
"We can t surrender to the future because we are meant to win the future." President Obama
It's the best coverage Jim ever had and it came just in time:
A word backstage from President Obama to kick off the America Forward tour:
44 is turning 55. Celebrate sign the card.
In the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on #Obamacare is a victory for America:
There's been real progress since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do:
"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." President Obama
If you put in a lifetime of hard work, you shouldn t lose your home or your life savings just because you get sick.
RT if you agree: the Republican platform is extreme and unjust, and we can t afford it.
"One out of four of the uninsured are Latino." President Obama #Asegurate
LIVE: The President speaks about the need for the next generation of Americans to compete in a global economy.
Congress can and should take action to help #StopGunViolence. Add your name if you agree:
If you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for you apply to be an @OFA fellow now:
Big news: The U.S. economy grew at a rate higher than expected in the third quarter.
This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change. #ActOnClimate
This West Wing Week: returning to Washington and signing more than 30 bills into law.
"I m well aware that a presidential visit is not the biggest thing going on in Boston." President Obama #WorldSeries
Working 40 hrs/week at the current federal minimum wage, the annual income is $14,500 still below the poverty line.
"We've never begrudged success in America. We aspire to it." President Obama #ABetterBargain
This past Saturday was the single biggest day of grassroots support yet: 118,000 contributions came in over just 24 hours.
FACT: Paul Ryan cosponsored legislation that could ban many common forms of contraception, including certain birth control pills.
President Obama commemorates #HispanicHeritageMonth in an address to @CHCI.
"We've got to get moving ... I'm not going to wait for Congress." President Obama on providing Americans with #ABetterBargain
GM reports record profits, workers to receive $7,000 profit-sharing checks:
From fighting for equal pay to dancing with the President, hear Lilly Ledbetter tell her story:
Photo of the day: @OFA_IA gears up for office opening parties this week.
You should watch this: President Obama speaks to @OFA organizers and volunteers at the Action August summit:
Today President @GeorgeHWBush proved once again skydiving is for all ages. Happy birthday, #41.
Retweet to tell climate deniers in Congress: #YouWillNotBeTakenSeriouslyIf you keep ignoring the science on climate change.
Paul Ryan called for overturning Roe v. Wade. #DetailsMatter
In DC heading to Howard University for the presidential debate @ 9pm EDT on PBS stations. Txt your thoughts on the debate to OBAMA (62262)
Photo of the day: Jim Messina hands the mic over to David Axelrod during an all-staff meeting at Chicago HQ:
"We who are privileged to be in that position DO owe the country something for our success." Rachael, small business owner in Wellesley, MA
"As the father of a daughter who just turned 16, any new technology that makes driving safer is important to me." President Obama
Today's reason to support President Obama: more diversity in our federal courts.
Coat, check. Hat, check. Gloves, check. One more way to #GetCovered today:
Grabbing a pint with the President:
Senate passes jobs bill with 13 Republicans voting 'yes' when we work together, we can address our biggest challenges.
More American-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home:
On International Women s Day, @MichelleObama and I are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive chang _
From @thinkprogress: "49 Republicans Who Say Shutting Down The Government Over Obamacare Is A Big Mistake"
President Obama: "We can meet our fiscal challenge. That's what the American people sent us here to do."
Don't miss the President's remarks on the economy at 2:20 p.m. ET:
Chip in $5 now and help move this country forward:
Happening now: The President is in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, to discuss ways to help Americans save for retirement.
We're wishing Rep. Giffords all the best today. "Inspiring" doesn't begin to express it.
Only a few hours left to make sure your name is on @OFA's holiday card for President Obama:
Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.
It's time for the United States to #LeadOnLeave show your support if you agree:
President Obama: "I think there is one person to make these decisions on health care, and that is you.
President Obama wants to talk with you directly. Join the call:
The small-business jobs bill passed today will provide loans and cut taxes for millions of small businesses without adding to our deficit.
You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today:
Start the new year off the right way and #GetCovered now:
Despite today's disappointing Senate vote, my administration will not give up on the DREAM Act, or on fixing our broken immigration system.
Retweet if you think hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise. #RaiseTheWage
Get a close look inside the first-ever @OFA Organizing Director Summit:
President Obama: "We can figure this out...as long as we don't fear the future and instead we seize it." #ActOnClimate
RT if you agree: Romney should come clean and release his tax returns so voters know whether he paid his fair share.
A skeptic comes around on the Affordable Care Act: The very thing that I criticized is what is going to save my life.
Don't get pinched order an O'Bama 2012 t-shirt in time for St. Patrick s Day:
President Obama: "By 2014, the war in Afghanistan will be over."
Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform:
Grassroots fundraising tip of the day: take your fundraising offline.
#LoveIsLove
Romney Economics, in one GIF:
Add your name: The burden of student loan debt is too great. It's time to take action.
RT @MichelleObama: Cue a little night music:
To every American working hard each and every single day, happy #LaborDay.
President Obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in 2015:
"When folks in Congress question my authority to take action, I've got one answer: Pass a bill." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
"It has made us a better country and a stronger country." President Obama on the war on poverty
One-question survey: Tell @OFA what issue you're most fired up to work on.
If you've moved recently, remember to register to vote at your current address. It takes less than 5 minutes:
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, getting covered means a health emergency won't break your bank.
Just three days left to enter #DinnerWithBarack make sure to toss your name in the hat:
The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. Add your name if you agree:
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution:
"We can t rest. We ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." President Obama
"The idea is simple but powerful: Young people are going to do better when they are excited about learning." President Obama
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and #GetCovered.
Thanks to Obamacare, 3.1 million young adults who were previously uninsured have gained coverage. #ObamacareIsWorking
Erica's mom was a hero. #WhatWillItTake for Congress to honor her memory by passing common-sense gun reform?
Retweet this to tell #Newtown families: We have not forgotten, we will not give up, we are #NotBackingDown.
George Clooney is inviting you into his home to meet the President. Travel's covered now you just need to enter:
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner: All Americans have a stake in financial reforms.
Our engine of economic growth: Strengthening the middle class. Share Obama's plan to keep us moving forward:
Pitch in before July's critical fundraising deadline if you re standing with President Obama:
RT @OFA_FL: Wow! RT @ash_colon: Incredible turnout at the #OFATally grand office opening. #OpenDoors2012 #FL2012
Heel.
Help President Obama fight for middle-class families by signing up for Organizing for Action:
That's right thanks to #Obamacare, your insurance company has to spend at least 80% of your premium on health care.
LIVE: The President is discussing new steps to help Americans get access to #BetterBroadband.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy.
Obama: "Send me a comprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months, and I will sign it right away."
FACT: President Obama s plan will help create 1 million new manufacturing jobs and double our exports. #MadeInAmerica
Your health insurance costs might be lower than you think. Get a quick estimate:
This isn't controversial: It's time to put #PeopleOverPolitics and expand Medicaid for Americans in all 50 states.
"We don t call it John s dream or Susie s dream or Barack s dream or Pat's dream we call it the American Dream." President Obama
Here's where to say you're on Team Obama-Biden:
Welcome to Twitter, @BillClinton &amp; @WarrenBuffett. #FF
.@Messina2012: "Each week, new questions are raised about whether [Romney] took unusual steps to avoid paying his fair share in taxes."
Add your name to support bold action to combat climate change:
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in:
POTUS: We believe in something called opportunity. We believe in a country where hard work pays off; where responsibility is rewarded.
The #ImmigrationAction President Obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $25 billion in 10 years.
Tell Romney and his allies in Congress: We can t afford to wait for action on President Obama s jobs plan.
Today, the credit card reform we fought for takes effect. Learn more join the live chat at 2pm ET:
Help me show that Americans are ready to join the fight for the middle class add your name to a letter to Congress:
Columbus, Ohio, is hearing from first-time voter Nick Tuell.
George Clooney is hosting President Obama in May. You're invited and we'll cover airfare:
You'll never guess how @OFA volunteers rewarded local business owners for raising their wages:
There s still time to get your free Obama-Biden bumper sticker. Pick your favorite, and we ll send it on over:
In Iowa - travelling to Algona, Emmetsburg, Estherville, and Spirit Lake. More info at
States are picking up the pace of increasing the minimum wage while Congress sits on the sidelines.
Who he's fighting for:
Teaming up with @MTV, @BET, and @CMTshows tomorrow for a town hall. Find out how to submit questions:
The choice on clean energy jobs this fall:
We ve come so far, but we ve still got work to do. Help make sure we can keep moving forward:
Retweet to spread the word: There are only #14DaysLeft to get covered in 2014.
Tackling #climate change is one of our greatest economic opportunities.
RT @OFA_WI: Wisconsin is excited to welcome @BarackObama to Milwaukee today for his visit to Master Lock.
Congress needs to finish the job on immigration reform. Get the facts:
Mitt Romney says he left his buyout firm in 1999, but the facts say otherwise:
The #Obama2012 digital team is hiring talented writers. Find out more and apply here:
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Starting now: we re watching the GOP debate and keeping track of the candidates double-downs and backtracks. Follow along: #debatewatch
Two states down; six to go. Next stop: L.A. to tape the Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
Vice President Biden and President Clinton look back at one of President Obama s toughest decisions:
RT if you're one of the 92% of Americans who support universal background checks for gun sales. #NowIsTheTime,
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 80% of your health care premiums must be spent on health care.
FACT: More than 800,000 defense employees will be forced to take unpaid leave if Congress doesn't stop impending spending cuts. #JobsNotCuts
Today is the President s birthday made in the USA, 51 years ago today:
Retweet if you agree: Homeownership in America should be built on a durable and fair system. #ABetterBargain
The tragedy unfolding on our coast is the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now.
Arthur is a former construction manager who can t wait for Congress to take action on jobs:
At a Change We Need rally with Joe Biden in Greensboro, NC. Watch it live at
LIVE: The President is speaking about his decision to save the American auto industry and over 1 million jobs.
The majority of Americans want action on gun violence prevention here's why:
Retweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change. #ActOnClimate
It's not too late to tell your senator you support the #BuffettRule. Tweet your legislator now:
If Congress doesn t act, the average student with federal Stafford loans will pay an extra $1,000 a year for college. #DontDoubleMyRate
ICYMI: President Obama delivered the laughs at the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Watch here:
"In the global race for jobs and industries, the thing we do better than anybody else is creativity." President Obama
In Las Cruces, NM, honoring the generations of American patriots this Memorial Day at a Veterans Town Hall with Gov. Bill Richardson.
RT if you agree: The Senate GOP should stop trying to tear down environmental progress &amp; pass a clean budget that protects the middle class.
This West Wing Week: releasing the 2012 budget and presenting the Medal of Freedom.
Before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in 2015:
The economy added 257,000 jobs in January, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. Let's keep it going:
"You're doing your job. Imagine how much further along we'd be if Congress was doing its job, too." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Texas Republican reps on Twitter: @repkeygranger (TX-12), @repronpaul (TX-14), @repflores (TX-17), @randyneugebauer (TX-19).
President Obama on the Romney-Ryan economic plan: "It's a vision I fundamentally disagree with."
See how President Obama is making health care #progress with $220 million in grants for state insurance exchanges:
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to #RaiseTheWage. Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.
The fight for equality is not over. #WomensEqualityDay
"Parents who work full time should earn enough to pay the bills." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
President Obama talks to the winners of #DinnerWithBarack about his dream job and why staying hopeful is so important:
If it looks unjust, that s because it is:
Watch: @KingJames wants you to #GetCoveredNow.
We just need Congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
"The last thing folks can afford right now is to pay an extra $2,000 in taxes next year." President Obama
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Take this survey it's only one question:
President Obama: "Let s begin our work by doing what we all agree on. Let s keep taxes low for the middle class."
The story of #Obama2012, now told as a timeline:
Watch live: President Obama and Vice President Biden lay out a set of proposals to reduce gun violence.
Campaign manager @Messina2012 lays out five pathways to 270 electoral votes:
Share why you re voting for President Obama:
When we see our fellow citizens in trouble and having difficulty, we come together as one American family.
"Opportunity is who we are. And the defining project of our generation must be to restore that promise." President Obama #SOTU
FACT: In 2010 and 2011, Romney paid less than 15% in taxes on $42.5 million in income much less than what many middle-class families pay.
POTUS: Education was the gateway to opportunity for me and for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.
In Indianapolis, IN at the American Legion Mall. Watch our "Early Vote for Change" rally live at
40 days until Election Day. RT this if you re registered and ready to vote for President Obama!
For 41 years, TAA has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues.
POTUS: "If you re willing to stand with me &amp; organize with me and knock on doors with me, we will win Ohio. We will finish what we started."
RT this link to make sure your friends know that Mitt Romney isn't telling the truth about his tax plan:
In Milwaukee, WI. At a Labor Day Rally for America's Workers. Watch it live at
"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in America ... Today, there are 2.2 million." President Obama
"We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." President Obama
The uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first time thanks to #Obamacare:
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the Global Health Security Agenda Summit. Tune in.
RT @Obama2012: The benefits of health care reform, as explained in an animated video:
Let's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today. #ActOnClimate
"We need to keep going to create more good jobs and give middle-class families a sense of security." President Obama
If you're #ProudOfObama tonight, help make sure this campaign has the resources it needs to win:
This #Valentines Day, speak up for equality:
Tomorrow s the last day to throw your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarack:
Get your donation in before the door closes:
RT @cbellantoni: Obama called #Giffords "to offer his support in advance of the candlelight vigil," told her she's an inspiration
The clock is ticking: Here are 20 reasons to #GetCovered before the clock hits zero.
#ImmigrationReform will be good for families and good for the economy. Let's get it done.
Share a laugh with President Obama enter now for your chance.
Senate Republicans have blocked the #BuffettRule putting tax breaks for millionaires above the interests of middle-class families.
Pass this jobs bill, and companies will get extra tax credits if they hire America s veterans.
Do you know what the #CostOfRepeal of the Affordable Care Act in your state would be? Find out here:
"We know we have to do more to restore America's promise of opportunity for all people." President Obama
POTUS: "I have faith in you. Four years ago, I told you this wasn t about me. It was about you, the American people. You are the change.
If you had the chance to join the President for a meal, what would you ask him?
A reminder for Senate leaders: Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past. #DoYourJob
Four years later.
President Obama on Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan: Their vision is wrong for working families, and it is wrong for the country."
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.
There are steps we can take right now to create jobs but Congress needs to act. Here s a simple #CongressToDoList:
This has been a remarkable year. Read about what OFA supporters accomplished in 2009:
By lifting up our brothers and sisters through service, we honor Dr. King's memory and reaffirm our common humanity.
"Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in fifty years." President Obama #Obamacare
LIVE: The President is celebrating 20 years of @AmeriCorps #GettingThingsDone. Watch:
Just 40 days left before summer recess: Tell Republicans in Congress to stop playing politics on jobs.
In Washington, DC. Delivering an address on Iraq & national security. Watch it live:
President Obama will deliver the State of the Union on Tuesday night. What are you excited to hear?
#FF: @audubonsociety
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing:
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to #DoSomething to prevent gun violence tragedies:
All this month, we'll be offering tips for how you can inspire your friends to help grow this movement. Here's tip #1:
Add your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is:
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years:
The @USTreasury Secretary Jack Lew: "U.S. failure to pay bills hurts everyone"
If you've already voted (like President Obama did yesterday), let everyone know it:
"Our destiny is written by us. When we join together for a common cause, there is nothing we can't do."
Our events page makes it easy to find a #SOTU2012 watch party near you just plug in your ZIP code:
Every American can be proud of the lives we ve saved in Libya and of the service of our men and women in uniform.
Your story could inspire someone else s share how you got involved with this campaign:
"Football is in the air. And I love baseball, but SportsCenter is better when you ve also got some football on there." President Obama
ICYMI: @OFA volunteers rallied to gather signatures for a minimum wage petition.
"We do better when a young family knows that they can get ahead." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"Changing the facts when they're inconvenient to your campaign that's definitely not change." President Obama
"When the American people speak loud enough, Congress listens." President Obama
I want to make sure that our legacy to young women is an America where they can fulfill every last bit of their promise.
Watch the weekly address: We have to do everything we can to help more Americans get ahead in the new economy.
"No matter how tough times get, Americans are tougher." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
No one who fights for this country should have to fight for a job, or a roof over their head, or the care they need when they come home.
To get the job done on health reform, we need to elect @MarthaCoakley to the Senate on Tuesday. Call key MA voters today:
The economy added 223,000 jobs in June marking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
It's official: Heading to Copenhagen on Dec. 9 to participate in the UN Climate Change Conference. Read more about it:
President Obama: "It s up to all of us the people to stand up to those who say we can t and stand up for the change we need." #DemandAction
FACT: In 2010, Romney reported having a $3 million Swiss bank account.
We will continue to work hand in hand with state & local authorities on every front until we put this tragic ordeal in the Gulf behind us.
Teresa from Virginia on why she s voting for President Obama: He has a real plan for rescuing the economy that passes the math test.
Speaking at a Violence Against Women Awareness Month event. Watch live at 3:30pm ET.
This weekend, we ll be 100 days out from Election Day. Get started to help organize your community, and bring a friend:
Six million Americans have gotten covered. Have you?
"Today, we have seen a dramatic slowdown in the rising cost of health care." President Obama #AmericaLeads
Over the past week, President Obama signed patent reform into law and addressed the UN General Assembly. Watch:
Stronger, vibrant, prosperous. #ImmigrationReform
The people of the Gulf Coast have demonstrated what it means to persevere in the face of tragedy and rebuild in the face of ruin.
Tomorrow night is the premiere of The Road We ve Traveled don t miss it:
"On the other hand, if you make under $250,000 a year, like 98% of American families, your taxes shouldn t go up."
The #PatientsBillofRights prohibits insurance companies from denying coverage to children with pre-existing conditions.
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable."
Sign this petition and make your voice heard:
President Obama had the courage to step up and save General Motors, and because of it, I have a job today.
Your voice can make a difference:
DEADLINE: Sign up today for health insurance that starts on January 1st.
Romney s energy plan would do nothing for energy independence, and risks destroying thousands of jobs:
Got 5 minutes? Use them to call your member of Congress and tell them why you support the American Jobs Act:
LIVE: The President is speaking in Denver about growing the economy from the middle out.
This is a free trip for two to our nation's capital and you'll get to meet President Obama:
"Know this: I will not waste time with those who have made the calculation that it s better politics to kill this plan than improve it"
"The good news is more young people are earning college degrees than ever before." President Obama
Progress: The unemployment rate just fell to 5.9%, the lowest rate since July 2008. #ActOnJobs
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast.
President Obama: We re ending the war in Afghanistan because after a decade of war, it s time to do some nation-building here at home.
Enroll in a health plan today and be covered on February 1st:
Today we honor the legacy and ideals of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Watch Sunday's remarks in DC:
President Obama and the First Lady send their well wishes to all those celebrating Kwanzaa:
"Because of this law, millions of our fellow citizens know the security of health insurance." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
Romney s plan for Big Oil: billions in tax breaks and government handouts.
For more key facts about the debt agreement, make sure to watch President Obama's message about it:
If you're proud of what health care reform has accomplished, put your name on this list:
Repealing #Obamacare is still a bad idea.
We re not going to walk away from the promise of clean energy. the President in Boulder City, Nevada on his commitment to renewable energy
If you're standing with President Obama in this election, let him know now:
President Obama on tomorrow's #EqualPay vote: "This is more than just about fairness. Women are the breadwinners for a lot of families."
First dance.
Are you passionate about seeing the Affordable Care Act succeed? Join this team:
President Obama this morning: "We're getting outraised a first for a sitting president, if this continues."
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about rewarding hard work by strengthening overtime pay protections:
POTUS on the GOP s plan: Tax cuts when times are good, tax cuts when times are bad. Tax cuts to cure your love life.
Retweet if you agree we need to train Americans with the skills employers need. #ActOnJobs
It's time to move forward with comprehensive energy and climate legislation and the Murkowski resolution is a clear step backwards.
Tell Congress to do right by the American worker.
She s a trailblazing lawyer who has dedicated her life to public service. Today Elena Kagan began hearings to become a Supreme Ct. justice.
One of our favorite photos from this year: 30,000 strong in Wisconsin.
President Obama is ready to work with members of Congress in both parties to enact common-sense housing finance legislation. #ABetterBargain
We know we've been asking for your support a lot lately. But tomorrow's deadline writes 2012's budget can you chip in?
Marta in CA: Happy 50th birthday, Mr. President a man of courage, conviction, and inspiration. #bo50
Photos of the day: The First Lady shows off her tennis skills at the US Open
POTUS: We are Americans, and we don t quit ... We accept responsibility. We keep going. We keep marching. We keep moving forward.
Six summer organizers recently had the chance to get advice on organizing straight from the President. Watch the video:
FACT: Homeownership provides a foundation for shared economic growth. #ABetterBargain
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented. #DoYourJob
We re looking for leaders who ll give 100% and then some to this campaign. Apply to intern in Chicago this summer:
Joel s a millionaire and he thinks passing the #BuffettRule should be a no-brainer:
POTUS: "When you guys get involved, nothing can stop you. You will decide the future of this country, and I m asking for your help."
New Mexico Republican rep on Twitter: @repstevepearce (NM-2) #compromise
At the end of the day, he wants us to be united. @JanelleMonae shares her reasons for supporting the President:
Say you support a fair #SCOTUS nomination process speak up now:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all Americans:
"America is making progress despite what the cynics say, despite unyielding opposition." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
74 consecutive months more than six years of private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress.
A new tool you ll want to share with family and friends:
Letter of the week: Renee, an 06 college grad, hopes her vote will be "the snowflake that sets an avalanche rolling."
I will not take no for an answer. Watch President Obama's message on what's next for the American Jobs Act.
Be thankful for your health but be smart about your future. #GetCovered now:
FACT: Romney claims he wouldn t take away a woman s right to choose but said he d be delighted to sign a law banning abortion. #Romnesia
We cannot let lobbyist-inspired loopholes and special carve-outs weaken real reform that will empower American families:
"In today's economy, it's never been more important to make sure that our folks are trained for the jobs that are there." President Obama
This campaign is growing five states opened new field offices this week. Quite a wall at @OFA_OH Athens:
Good news: Our economy added 166,000 private-sector jobs in January, for the 35th straight month of growth.
Share the facts. #SOTU
Our economy is making real progress.
Judge Garland: Independent mind Highly qualified Has had bipartisan support Senate leaders: #DoYourJob
No one in America should ever be afraid to walk down the street holding hands with the person they love.
"I want to talk with you." President Obama. Get on the phone today:
Retweet if you agree with President Obama on #immigration: "We can't leave this problem for another generation to solve." #ActOnReform
Join @OFA volunteers and make sure Americans have the information they need to #GetCovered:
Speaking about the auto industry at a Ford Motor Company assembly plant in Chicago. Listen live at 11:15 am ET.
Holding a news conference at 1pm ET. Watch live at
Affordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few.
"I m going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." President Obama
President Obama is in Cincinnati speaking about the American Jobs Act. Listen live:
Zoe now has access to health coverage without a lifetime cap:
Let us answer the call of history, and carry into an uncertain future that precious light of freedom. President Obama
#WhatHasObamaCareDoneForMeLately? More than 71 million Americans now have access to free screenings for mental health problems.
FACT: Expanding Medicaid in every state would give health care coverage to 5.7 million more Americans.
.@lennygrover: End tax breaks for outsourcing and, instead, incentivize hiring in USA. -Axe
"The President said to me, 'You can't change the past Sami, but you can change the future.'"
"I call on all countries to join us not next year, but now." President Obama #ActOnClimate
President Obama is working to rebuild the American dream of homeownership. Foreclosures are now the lowest since 2006
LIVE: @VP Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.
Investing in the clean energy industry is an important way to #ActOnClimate.
In Tennessee today, President Obama challenged Congress to pass a real jobs plan for the middle class. #ObamaNooga
The Senate already passed bipartisan immigration reform. It's time for the House of Representatives to #ActOnReform.
President Obama just finished taping an appearance on @JayLenoTonight make sure to tune in tonight!
"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." President Obama #KeystoneXL
.@OFA_VA's Obama Student Summit is coming up quick. Reserve your spot sign-ups end 2/15:
5 things you might not know about President Obama:
"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as Americans." President Obama #FindYourPark
Americans deserve the security of knowing that insurance companies can t deny, cap or drop coverage when they need it most.
Announcing the VP candidate sometime between now & the Convention by txt msg & email. Text VP to 62262 or visit
"Is it possible that Congress would get more done if there were more women in Congress? That is almost guaranteed." President Obama
Get the facts, not the fluff join the OFA Truth Team:
In case you missed it: here's Mitt Romney arguing that we lay off teachers and first responders.
All smiles.
I have instructed FEMA to be ready to assist Hawaii and the rest of the U.S. states & territories that could be affected.
Big #Obamacare news:
Join an OFA strategy call with David Plouffe at a State of the Union #WatchParty near you:
How many can you answer? Test your knowledge about the minimum wage:
If you have Latino friends and family, let them know it's time to check their health insurance options:
Finished meeting on the Hill. 4 hours before the big vote, reps are fired up and ready to go. Add your voice:
"And yet, over the last decade, the incomes of most Americans have actually fallen by about six percent." President Obama
"The freedom to marry who you love that's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." President Obama #LoveWins
As we cut what we can afford to do without, we have a responsibility to invest in areas that will have the biggest impact on our future.
Today President Obama took action to help millions of borrowers afford their student loan payments. #CollegeOpportunity
Mitt Romney is not ready to be commander in chief. Every time he s had a chance to prove otherwise, he s failed:
In 29 states, no state law protects you from being fired for being gay. Let's fix that:
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution.
Fall is here and so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
In 16 days, all the votes will be counted. Get out and volunteer to help win this thing in the final stretch:
Tough. Gotta bear down now. Let's go #USWNT.
Watch President Obama and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas and happy holidays:
Share this to make sure your friends have the facts about the President's common-sense plan to reduce gun violence:
Unlike my opponent, I will extend the college tax credit we passed so more families can save up to $10,000 on their tuition next year.
If you're on #TeamBarack, pitch in $10 now to help win this thing:
FACT: Permanently raising federal deposit insurance to $250K is helping protect customers and level the playing field for community banks.
POTUS: My opponent s experience has been investing in companies that often were called pioneers in the business of outsourcing jobs.
President Obama on today's #EqualPay vote: "Senate Republicans put partisan politics ahead of American women and their families."
If you re feeling fired up, RT this link to make sure your friends and family are registered to vote:
Barack Obama, Feb. 10, 2007: "Let's make college more affordable." Promise kept:
Supporting this campaign can be as simple as sharing a cup of coffee. Grace took it a step further:
Thanks for contacting your legislators, and for sticking with us amid our tweeting today. We're done now, we swear.
This is why reform matters: Health care should be available when you need it.
FACT: More than 800,000 defense employees would be forced to take unpaid leave if Congress doesn't stop #CutsWeCantAfford.
Last night, he said he always supported taking out bin Laden. But in 08, he said it wasn t worth moving heaven &amp; earth to catch 1 man.
Join today's @OFA Thunderclap to spread the word: The deadline to be covered on January 1st is coming up.
Make sure your friends know: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back.
VP Biden: "My whole life has been dedicated to leveling the playing field for working-class people."
Share your favorite fired-up songs here:
How the Paycheck Fairness Act would help women fight for #EqualPay:
As you make your holiday plans, think about who you d ask to be your guest for #DinnerWithBarack:
Why President Obama is fighting to give everyone a shot at the American Dream:
RT @HarryReid: This election is too important. #dontwait until it s too late.
We'll be live-tweeting the President's remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
"If you've worked hard all your life, you deserve a secure retirement." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
More than 1.4 million Americans signed our petition demanding expanded background checks for gun sales by far the most in @OFA history.
The stakes are too high to allow our differences to prevent us from passing reform. Call Congress: 202-559-1161
Photo of the day: @OFA_IA volunteers celebrate Labor Day in Dubuque.
Safe to say these Virginians are in for #Obama2012:
Happening now: The President is in Austin talking about growing the economy.
Take this quick health care survey it's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to #GetCovered:
"This has to be a year of action. I'm eager to work with Congress wherever I can." President Obama
Hosting the White House Science Fair today. Watch live:
This week s Friday Facts looks at the steps the President is taking to help struggling homeowners:
Mitt Romney has been keeping the fact-checkers busy since last week's debate:
Announced new steps, along with Vice President Biden today, to aid America's middle-class families. Read about them:
The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at home another reason to #LeadOnTrade:
The GOP drove our economy into a ditch and now they want the keys back:
Sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free:
"You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." President Obama
We now know who our opponent is and President Obama needs you on his side. Chip in $3 today:
Stand with President Obama in support of extending the payroll tax cut for middle-class families:
"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." President Obama
Obama on Romney: "We know what change looks like, and what the Governor s offering sure isn't it."
Repealing #Obamacare would leave 19 million Americans without the security of health care:
FACT: The President's education plan spurred nearly every state to raise academic standards without any new mandates:
This is your chance to pitch in and help make the Affordable Care Act a success:
Campaign Policy Director James Kvaal on what Romney or Santorum would do to the U.S. budget:
The settlement will provide relief to homeowners, end abusive mortgage practices, and "begin to turn the page on an era of recklessness."
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year.
"Anything that makes life harder for women, makes life harder for families." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
Just a few reasons people have said #ILikeObamacare:
ICYMI: American businesses have added 9.9 million jobs since early 2010.
What they're saying about the vice presidential debate:
The election is over in 41 days, and we all have a stake in the outcome. Step up this weekend:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
To Team USA: Best of luck in Vancouver. I know you'll make America proud.
President Obama on benefits of #Obamacare: "Hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers who don't have insurance will finally be able to afford it"
We will respond to the threat of climate change, knowing that the failure to do so would betray our children and future generations.
Brian saw an opportunity to get involved and raise voter awareness on his campus. He hasn t looked back:
As this campaign ramps up across the country, we want to know: what would you like to see us tweet about?
Romney pulled in $100 million while refusing to take a stand on equal pay. Take your own stand for President Obama:
RT @gregburd: #ILikeObamacare because too many people skip preventative care due to high costs which are compounded once they are sick.
Congratulations to all the athletes who competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics and to the American team for their inspiring performances.
"We're proud of you guys." President Obama from Air Force One, congratulating Prop 8 plaintiffs on their win #LoveIsLove
"In a knowledge-based economy, a great education is more important than ever." President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
"Every girl deserves an education." President Obama #LetGirlsLearn
If you're on the Eastern seaboard, please make sure to follow the instructions of your state and local officials today. Stay safe. -bo
The campaign and the DNC have about 60 state offices open, with many more on the way.
"We ve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." President Obama
Everyone has to pitch in to #StopGunViolence, including the private sector. Check out what @Facebook just did.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy. Tune in:
RT @OFA_VA: Packed house today at the Charlottesville office opening. Thanks to all for joining us! #OpenDoorsVA
FACT: In 2004, Gov. Romney vetoed a bill that would have banned state contractors from outsourcing state work overseas.
Secretary Sebelius discusses how health reform will provide secure and stable insurance for American families -- Watch:
"Thank you for bringing it back home." President Obama congratulates @NHLBlackhawks on winning the Stanley Cup
Have you RSVP'd for #SOTU2012 yet? Watch the President's address and meet other organizers in your neighborhood:
The Senate has voted to block legislation that would have put $35 billion toward retaining teachers and first responders, and hiring more.
Photo of the day: President Obama spoke about the White House Council of Economic Advisers this morning:
Inaction on immigration reform could cost this country future innovators. Read Nora's story:
Tomorrow's another big fundraising deadline and what we put into this campaign is what we'll get out of it. Chip in $3:
With just over a year to go until the election, will you commit to volunteer with #Obama2012?
The American dream of homeownership is coming back American families are on pace to purchase more than 5M homes this year. #ABetterBargain
Step up show your support for cutting carbon pollution:
WATCH: President Obama is discussing progress in the fight against Ebola.
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's #SCOTUS nominee has never happened before.
"A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." President Obama
A group of Republicans the House is willing to shut down the government unless Obamacare is defunded. #EnoughAlready:
President Obama: Let's make sure women get equal pay for equal work. #StandWithWomen
The science is clear: Climate change is real. Help @OFA call out climate change deniers.
Happening now: @VP and @DrBiden kick off the White House Summit on Working Families.
"Saving a fortune on health coverage is going to make a huge difference in what I do." Read John's story:
FACT: Students could lose more than $1 billion in financial aid and education funding because Congress failed to stop #CutsWeCantAfford.
Help the President by picking up the phone:
Stand with President Obama and Vice President Biden at this important moment of this campaign:
"No woman should have to put off potentially lifesaving care because money is tight." President Obama #WomenSucceed
From the earliest days of our founding, America has been the story of ordinary people who dare to dream. That s how we win the future. #SOTU
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level locally, nationally, globally. #ActOnClimate
Another win for the people of Maryland MT @Politico: Baltimore @Ravens to aid Obamacare enrollment effort in Maryland
Photo of the day: Speaking to the American Legion, President Obama praises our military's extraordinary service:
FACT: In 2011, the 47% of Americans who Romney insulted included nearly 20 million seniors.
Tonight, the President will discuss his specific plans to create 1 million manufacturing jobs, double exports, &amp; cut oil imports in half.
The Paris Agreement is a big deal. #ActOnClimate
Show off your state pride with an #Obama2012 lapel pin:
Show your support for American leadership in the international effort to #ActOnClimate:
Of the 1.2 million people who donated, 207,264 people hadn't supported this campaign before.
Americans who are fighting to find good jobs and support their families will get the support they need during these tough economic times.
Only 22 days to go. Sign up to volunteer for the President over the final stretch of this campaign:
13 days til Election Day, but people in many states are already voting. Find out when voting starts in your state:
In Henderson, NV. "Change We Need Rally" Watch it live at
President Obama: "Imagine if we could reverse traumatic brain injury or PTSD for our veterans who are coming home."
History. #LoveWins
"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." President Obama #SOTU
FACT: Since President Obama signed Wall Street reform, business lending has increased by 15 percent. #progress
I wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what I was authorized to do. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
FACT: Automatic spending cuts would eliminate more than 4 million meals for sick and homebound seniors if Congress doesn't act. #JobsNotCuts
FACT: So far in 2012, the Affordable Care Act has saved more than 1 million Medicare beneficiaries an average of $629 on prescription drugs.
"We still have a stake in each other s success." President Obama
"Work gives us a place of dignity and income, and is important. But families are the bedrock of our lives." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
Peggy pitched in to grow this campaign find out why she s working to keep President Obama in office for a second term.
POTUS: "We have come too far to turn back now. We ve got more good jobs to create. We ve got more homegrown energy to generate."
Your daily action: Submit what inspired you to get involved with #Obama2012. It could inspire someone else:
"Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." President Obama
President Obama has been sworn in for a second term as President of the United States.
Climate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Wisconsin.
This is real money that will make a real difference in people s lives. President Obama on the payroll tax cut agreement #40dollars
Over 437,000 people donated in April and over 169,000 of those people were giving for the first time.
What Romney failed to deliver on last night: the facts.
Leaving Las Vegas on to Tampa (and day two of this 8-state trip).
The @NYTimes on how health care reform is expanding coverage, improving care, and saving consumers money:
"Our top priority has to be jobs and growth. We've got to build on the progress we've made." President Obama
"We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." President Obama
No one should have to worry about hitting a lifetime coverage limit if they get sick. #WhatRepealMeans
"The key now is to encourage homeownership that isn t based on unrealistic bubbles _ [but] on a solid foundation." President Obama
"When women succeed, America succeeds." President Obama
I m fired up are you? Help get out the vote tomorrow. Find local canvasses and phone banks in your community.
Use your smartphone to help your friends and family get registered to vote:
The turnout in Denver:
President Obama: "We are on pace to double our exports. That's creating tens of thousands of jobs all across the country." #TeamBarack
Retweet if you believe women deserve the same pay as men for the same work. #FairFutureNow
Today in 2009, Barack Obama became the 44th President of the United States. Where were you on Inauguration Day?
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity ever:
Read how these three women's lives and careers are #BetterWithObamacare:
Wishing everyone a Happy Father's Day. Spoke today at the Apostolic Church of God in Chicago. Read remarks at
President Obama: Trust matters, and Florida, you know me. You know I say what I mean, and I mean what I say. #AmericaForward
I am here for Natoma Canfield & countless others who need health reform. Who are you fighting for? #iamherefor
President Obama welcomes the 2011 NCAA National Champion Texas A&M women s basketball team to the White House. Watch:
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016 and you can help:
Deeply saddened by the passing of Richard Holbrooke, a true giant of foreign policy who has made America stronger, safer and more respected.
In Miami, FL. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
.@Messina2012 challenges the Koch brothers to disclose the donors funding their attack ads:
"Gov Romney said he wasn t referring to as Arizona a model for the nation. His top advisor's the one who designed the whole Arizona program"
Throwback to 2011: The President works on his second #SOTU address.
"Nearly 3 in 4 Americans support raising the minimum wage." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Celebrate this Women's Equality Day by making sure the women in your life are ready to vote:
"I want to stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs &amp; profits overseas, &amp; start rewarding companies that create jobs right here in the USA."
Emily has the coverage she needs to stay healthy, despite her pre-existing condition:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system.
"What I m describing is accountability a common-sense, middle-ground approach." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
On behalf of Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and Bo, have a very merry Christmas.
Chip in before it's too late:
Speaking at Kalamazoo Central's commencement the winning school in the Race to the Top Challenge. Watch live:
"I promise you: You have a president who will take action to support working families." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
Here's the best place to watch President Obama's #SOTU address tonight at 9pm ET:
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair #SCOTUS nomination hearings:
Sign @OFA's petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Obamacare is adding patient protections to the individual health insurance market. Read all about it:
"It's time to end the era of manufactured crises." President Obama on #ImmigrationAction
Because you have stories that deserve more than 140 characters, call (312) 985-6433 and share why you volunteered on #MLK2012.
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry:
You still have time chip in, and add your name to the @OFA donor wall:
RT @mccoyrc
Holding a press conference with President Felipe Calder _n of Mexico at 1pm ET. Watch live at
In case you missed it: B.B. King and Buddy Guy got the president to sing a bit of "Sweet Home Chicago" last night.
Help the families devastated by tornadoes in Oklahoma this morning by supporting the efforts of the @RedCross:
Denver, that was really something and your "four more years" chant was one of the best I've heard. -bo
Obama: "The Secretary of State has recommended that the application be denied. And after reviewing the State Department s report, I agree."
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement:
Stand with President Obama and ask millionaires to pay at least as much in taxes as middle-class families:
FACT: Consumer confidence is at its highest level in 5 years, while foreclosures are at a 5-year low. #progress
President Obama's plan would close background check loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands:
This doesn't have to be the new normal join the fight to help #StopGunViolence:
The economic costs of inaction are simply too high to delay. @Cecilia44 on the need for #immigration reform
Across the country, OFA volunteers have already reached out to 300,000 voters today. You can do your part from home:
President Obama has awarded Medals of Freedom to four American sports legends get to know them here:
This weekend, show our men and women in uniform some appreciation. #MemorialDay
The last chance to #GetCovered for 2015 is only days away. Find a plan today:
"We want young people to be in a position to pursue their dreams." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Don't take the risk of getting injured without insurance:
Here s what your support helped #Obama2012 organizers do last month:
Election Day is here! Confirm your polling place and bring a friend with you to vote.
U.S. soldiers in combat zones whose pay isn t subject to federal income tax. #WrittenOffByRomney
Over 98% of donations to the campaign in June were less than $250, and the average donation was $52.54.
Michele is building this campaign with @OFA_MI (and a clipboard) #Obama2012
Today is #SmallBizSat remember to shop at your local small business to support all they do for the community.
The deadline to sign this minimum wage petition is approaching. Don't miss your chance:
President Obama helped states prevent massive layoffs of more than 400,000 educators nationwide. #progress
WATCH: The President and First Lady are welcoming children to the White House for trick-or-treating.
In Denver CO. Speaking at Mountain Range High School. Watch it live at
OFA is using technology to make it easier than ever to talk to voters in your community:
4,000,000 people have donated to this campaign: that means about 1 in 75 Americans own a piece of it. (Thank you!)
Tennessee Republican reps on Twitter: @dianeblacktn06 (TN-6), @marshablackburn (TN-7), @repfinchertn08 (TN-8).
FACT: If Congress doesn t act this week, 7.4 million students will pay an average of $1,000 more in college costs. #DontDoubleMyRate
Thanks to President Obama, 3 million more American students now receive Pell Grants:
"Today, America is closer to energy independence than we have been in decades." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Here are ways to do your part before November 15th:
POTUS: If Congress sends me a clean bill extending the tax cuts on the first $250,000 of a family s income, I will sign it right away.
How Mitt Romney's firm took over a successful paper company, loaded it with debt, and cost 1,500 workers their jobs:
.@robertagoldberg Greatest threat to our democracy. 98% of our donations are under $250, but we'll need many to fight back.
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance #GetCovered today:
Join the Vote 2010 Call Team the group we ll turn to when urgent calls are needed in a close race:
Introducing a brand new O'Bama shirt order yours in the next 24 hours to wear it on St. Patrick's Day:
FACT: Under President Obama, we have more than doubled production of renewable energy from wind and solar. #MadeInAmerica
We're launching a program today that will give you a powerful way to grow this movement: grassroots fundraising.
Add your name because in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial.
President Obama presents the American Jobs Act to Congress. Watch live:
Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this fall all you have to do is enter:
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs. #DoYourJob
In Chicago, hoping you will help Bill Foster win Cong. Dist. 14 in this Saturday's Special Election. Visit:
Instead of insulting 47% of Americans on taxes, Romney should come clean on his own:
"Everybody who wants to be able to get insurance through the marketplace ... they'll be able to." President Obama #OFASummit
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago.
Every $16,000 we raise means one more organizer to register voters and mobilize volunteers through Election Day:
"Can we imagine a more worthy goal?" President Obama discusses the importance of leaving a better world for our children if we #ActOnClimate
The Affordable Care Act is putting money back into Americans' pockets.
Jordan, VA: President Obama is on track to fix our education system and put the United States back on top ... where it should be.
Make sure your friends see President Obama's plan to fix our broken immigration system:
20 million more insured 15 million new jobs A global climate agreement Let's keep it going:
"We have 41 million people in this country who don't have health insurance." President Obama #Asegurate
Now accepting applications: @OFA is running a specialized program to train grassroots organizers of all levels.
Watch the message that aired tonight during the #Grammys from President Obama: #ItsOnUs to stop sexual assault.
In this week's address, President Obama calls on Congress to end this #shutdown immediately:
Thank you @WaxmanClimate for 40 years of excellent public service and leadership in the push to #ActOnClimate.
Today President Obama says he will "shake up the current system" to #MakeCollegeAffordable:
A win for public health: The first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants.
Small businesses help drive America s economic growth and create new jobs. When our small businesses do well, then America does well.
Speaking on the latest efforts to stop the leak and clean up the oil from Grand Isle, LA. Listen live at ET:
Happy anniversary to the Obamas sign their card:
Retweet if you agree: Giving everybody the chance to succeed should not be a partisan issue. #MyBrothersKeeper
In Paris, France with President Nicolas Sarkozy. Watch the press conference live at
Stand with President Obama and Richard Cordray and their work to hold Wall Street accountable:
"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." President Obama #IranDeal
Tuesday: President Obama delivers a major speech on #climate change. Be sure to tune in:
President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WARNING: cuteness ensues.
Watch President Obama speak about the importance of manufacturing in Cleveland at 3:40 p.m. ET:
Obama: "Let s declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty." #JobsNow
This nation has always been proud of what it builds, and that spirit will lead our recovery forward. Don t lose faith in American industry.
A reminder for every Senate Republican who voted to double interest rates on student loans yesterday:
As of just now, we're only 7,971 away from our goal of 450,000 grassroots donors to this campaign. Get us there:
Don t tell me that hiring more teachers won t help this economy grow, or help young people compete.
For President Obama's birthday, @OFA spent the day spreading the facts about #Obamacare:
DREAMers were brought to this country through no fault of their own. Time to give them a chance to be part of the #AmericanStory.
If you're committed to #ActOnClimate, support the Clean Power Plan add your name now:
"Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." President Obama
Here are a few ways Congress should help keep the economy growing:
This is ridiculous. Instead of passing a real budget, a group of House Republicans is playing politics with women's health. #EnoughAlready
In case you missed it yesterday: The President told Congress to stop giving billions in tax giveaways to oil companies.
ICYMI: This August, more members of Congress have joined @OFA supporters in supporting #immigration reform.
The President is counting on young people this November:
The open enrollment period ends on Sunday talk to your friends about how they can #GetCovered:
Watch President Obama's weekly address on taking action to end sexual violence:
RT @Messina2012: Mitt can spin it however he wants: when the us auto industry was in crisis, his response: "let Detroit go bankrupt"
Watch Judge Sotomayor's opening statement at 2:30pm on any cable news channel, or stream it here:
The economy added 215,000 jobs in July marking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
When I was growing up, I figure the times I didn t vote, I should have voted. Cause everything counts.
While many in Congress continue to deny the science on #climate change, Alaska's Columbia Glacier continues to melt:
The choice for commander in chief: President Obama s four years of strong leadership vs. Mitt Romney s poor judgment.
The President's jobs plan would put hundreds of thousands of teachers and first responders back to work right now:
Keep the pressure on Congress: Share how your family came here and why we need immigration reform now.
Call voters today to remind them that tomorrow is Election Day and to let them know how important their vote is.
"By all pulling together however we can, we're supporting progress." Why Dave is part of #Obama2012:
Romney sees millions of Americans with Medicare as victims. His plan would turn Medicare into a voucher system:
"Some of this has to do with the corrosive influence of money in politics."
American manufacturers have added 489,000 jobs since January 2010 gaining jobs for the first time since the 1990s. #MadeInAmerica
Find out why volunteers like Henry are today s reason to give (hint: it involves a baby shower):
After the film, @Mitch_Stewart will take your questions about it for @DavidAxelrod. Ask yours using #RoadTraveled.
"As long as we re joined in common purpose, as long as we maintain our common resolve..."
"There was a time when I was a 'young invincible.' After five years in this office, people don't call me that anymore." President Obama
New report: Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health.
Never underestimate the strength and resilience of the American economy.
RT @carolinachacon: #Obama2012 volunteers! #firedup #readytogo @OFA_NV
Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read how:
DYK: Last year, about a quarter of new power generation capacity was from solar, second only to natural gas. #ActOnClimate
43 days until the election. Pitch in $5 now to help put another organizer on the ground:
The 3 basic goals of health reform: B) To provide affordable coverage to those currently without insurance _ #hc09
Michelle is about to speak on Take Your Child to Work Day. Watch live at 10:30am ET:
Jay Z in Columbus: "Y'all ready for 4 more years?" #Forward
If you're sick and tired of Congress playing political games with Americans' health care, tell them #EnoughAlready:
While June was our best month so far, we still got beat: Romney &amp; the GOP brought in $106 million. Help close the gap:
RT @whitehouse What do you want to know about #insourcing? Here's everything:
See how Obamacare is making health care more affordable for millions of Americans:
We should never forget families in Newtown deserve a vote. #DemandAction,
Pass it on:
President Obama: Unemployment has fallen from 10% to 7.8%. Home values are back on the rise. The stock market has nearly doubled.
POTUS: I refuse to turn Medicare into a voucher. Americans shouldn t have to spend their golden years at the mercy of insurance companies.
As director of the @CFPB, Richard Cordray will have one job looking out for American consumers.
"Tonight the Republicans and Democrats in Congress have come together around an agreement that will reopen our government." President Obama
Congrats to the U.S. women s and men's basketball teams for bringing home the gold. You all make us so proud. -bo
We won t go back:
This is no accident we're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support American families.
Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the highlights:
Chip in today and put your name alongside those fighting for change:
RT @OFA_IA: Rain couldn't stop these supporters from seeing @barackobama! #obamadsm
A smile to take you into the weekend:
Ohio and North Carolina: Polls close at 7:30pm ET, and you can vote as long as you're in line before then. Go vote now, and spread the word!
In Toledo, OH. Unveiling an "Economic Rescue Plan for the Middle Class" Watch it live at
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now:
Median household income: Poverty rate: Uninsured rate: Middle-class economics works.
The commander-in-chief gets one chance to make the right decision.
On #NationalRunningDay, Americans across the country are still running #BostonStrong.
If you were thinking about chipping in for the final health care push, now's the time:
"From Dr. King's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." President Obama #MLKDay
"When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." President Obama #LoveWins
POTUS in Iowa: "If you're willing to stand with me and knock on doors with me, we will finish what we started."
Getting fired up. #Obama2012
The First Lady stopped by campaign HQ tonight on her way back to Washington to get us fired up. It worked. #Obama2012
Watch: This is what you should know about @OFA.
"Members of Congress have a fresh chance to show which side they are on." President Obama on the upcoming vote to #RaiseTheWage
ICYMI: U.S. wind energy production, a big part of the President's #climate plan, is at a record high. Read more:
President Obama talks White Sox versus Cubs, Tim Tebow, and more on sports radio in Columbus, Ohio:
President Obama: "For almost half a year, Republicans in the Senate have blocked Richard's confirmation."
"On first down, he hikes taxes by nearly $2,000 on the average family w/ kids in order to pay for a massive tax cut for multimillionaires."
At a New Energy for America town hall meeting in Elkhart, IN. Watch the event live at
This is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million Americans with student debt:
Dre in Columbus: "It got me fired up and ready to go."
#WeDemandAVote for them:
Time is running out to help make a difference this quarter. Chip in and make your voice heard:
"Our fight goes on because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class." President Obama
President Obama: I don't want the next big job-creating discovery to come from Germany, China or Japan. I want it to be made in America.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform:
More conversations between neighbors that's how we win. Find a #RegToVote event near you:
President Obama: "Four years ago, I promised to cut middle-class taxes, and that s exactly what I ve done."
"If you want a contract with the federal government, you've got to pay your workers $10.10 an hour." President Obama #ActionSummit
"Barack cannot do this alone _ he never has. We have always moved this country forward together." First Lady @MichelleObama
RT if you agree with the President: Higher education can t be a luxury it s an economic necessity.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
OFA will be live tweeting tonight s presidential Oval Office address from this account. To watch live, visit
Watch live: President Obama speaks on extending the payroll tax cut and unemployment insurance.
"At a time when the economy is growing, we've got to make sure that every American shares in that growth, not just a few." President Obama
Photo of the day: The First Lady is working to make eating healthy the easy choice
FACT: The Senate GOP would block limits on toxic air pollution that will prevent up to 11,000 deaths and nearly 5,000 heart attacks a year.
President Obama to Congressional Republicans: "You owe it to the American people to tell us what you are for, not just what you're against."
Some of the most important grassroots organizing in the country is happening right now. Do your part:
Holding a town hall at Rio Grande High School in Albuquerque, NM. Watch the event live at
"We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." President Obama
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand:
"Because of Obamacare, another 20 million Americans now know the financial security of health insurance."
Audrey s mistake: She got sick before the Affordable Care Act arrived.
Starting in 2014, #Obamacare will ban insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same coverage.
"Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, America stands tall." President Obama #NeverForget
Awarding the National Medal of Arts and the National Humanities Medal at 1:45pm ET.
#OrlandoUnited
Today we lost the godmother of the civil rights movement, Dr. Dorothy Height, who devoted her life to those struggling for equality.
Double your impact by matching another #Obama2012 supporter's pledge today even exchange notes. Just pitch in $3:
Tune in at 4:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa:
"The last seven years shoot, the last seven days should remind us there's nothing America cannot do." President Obama
Tell your friends: #Obamacare is helping young people afford health insurance. (via @OFATruthTeam)
Almost 1 million public supporters of health insurance reform. Help us get there:
Make key investments to ensure best-trained workforce in world. More here:
This week, the President awarded a Medal of Honor and updated the nation on the debt negotiations. Watch:
"I want to reward manufacturers like this one &amp; small businesses that create jobs here in the United States, not overseas." President Obama
"It's the end of discrimination against the sick in America." President Obama on how we're #BetterWithObamacare.
"Mitt Romney may think we need less teachers, but it s teachers that said I could be anything I wanted." -Zach
POTUS: We will continue to implement this law, and we will work together to improve it where we can.
Only a week left for Congress to act on President Obama s jobs plan. Tell them we can t afford to wait any longer:
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." President Obama #StopGunViolence
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." President Obama
FACT: Paul Ryan cosponsored a bill that could ban all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.
"Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." President Obama
There's a lot at stake for women in this election. Cecile Richards lays out the choice we face:
Today is President Obama's 50th birthday. Sign his birthday card and share why you're a part of this campaign:
President Obama is asking for your help to #CoverAmerica. Are you in?
It's time to #GetCovered. See how affordable it could be:
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired. President Obama #ConnectED
"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." President Obama
A few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland: Phenomenal Exceptionally bright Fair-minded
Right now in America, full-time workers are living below the poverty line. Sign the petition to change that:
Check out the new Summer Jobs+ Bank a one-stop shop for young people searching for jobs and internships:
The time is now for comprehensive #ImmigrationReform. Keep up the momentum:
Retweet if you support President Obama's plans to cut carbon pollution and increase efficiency. #ActOnClimate
At Independence National Historical Park (Philly, PA) kicking off the "On Track for Change" tour. For more info:
FACT: In 14 years, the background check system has helped keep more than 1.5 million guns out of dangerous hands.
President Obama s response to the drought affecting the U.S. is all hands on deck:
Watch: This is why people across the country have decided to #WearOrange today.
FACT: Romney can't pay for his $5 trillion in tax cuts that favor the wealthy without raising middle-class taxes or exploding the deficit.
Two years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority. #ImmigrationAction
Hear from the President himself tomorrow: Join @OFA's call to hear what's ahead in the fight for change.
The President was fired up last night at an @OFA_IA grassroots event. Check out the photos including an epic high five:
Ohio: This election could come down to just a few votes, and yours could make the difference.
This cancer survivor supports #Obamacare because it helps people with pre-existing conditions #GetCovered.
Thank you for all you've done for this campaign, and all you'll do in the next 36 days to win this.
See how President Obama s health care law helps you and your family:
Alec shares why he s in for #Obama2012 at age 13:
For the President's birthday this year, @OFA supporters are saying thanks sign the card:
"While Congress is deciding what it's going to do next, I'm just going to go ahead and do what I can to create more jobs." President Obama
Make this #Obamacare pledge:
"We should all work together to implement this law." President @BillClinton #Obamacare
In Pueblo, CO. Holding a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
Announcing Senator Joe Biden as our VP nominee. Watch the first Obama-Biden rally live at 3pm ET on
Supporters like you have driven this campaign from the start take this quick survey to help decide how we move forward:
"Today, we remember our fellow Americans who lost their lives to that storm." President Obama on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy #O29
Jake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected. #GetCovered
RT @TruthTeam2012: Take a look at Mitt Romney's message to the President then send Romney a message of your own:
Watch the new ad from @TheDemocrats on the American Jobs Act then let us know why you support the President's plan:
If you've got an extra day off this Presidents Day weekend, spend it at an #Obama2012 event in your neighborhood:
"It is because of the spirit and resilience of Americans that I have never been more hopeful about America s future than I am tonight" #SOTU
Limited-edition prints of the President s quotes are inspiration you can frame designed and made in the USA:
RT if you agree: All victims of gun violence deserve a vote and Congress needs to act now. #TimeToAct,
If you're proud of Vice President Biden for winning last night's debate, let him know:
History:
30: Days until federal unemployment benefits end if Congress does not act. #WeCantWait
Only 38 days left in this campaign. Pitch in $5 or more now, when it matters most, to help this campaign win:
"That s the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." President Obama #SOTU
One year ago the President took common-sense #ImmigrationAction but a long-term fix still hasn't come from Congress.
Now is the time. It s #LastCall2014:
"I am still ready and willing to get a compromise package done." President Obama
"This is the longest, uninterrupted stretch of job growth in our history." President Obama #AmericaLeads
@Jordyn_Wieber, @GabrielleDoug, @Aly_Raisman, @McKaylaMaroney, @Kyla_Ross96: Congratulations! You ve made us all proud. #TeamUSA
This West Wing Week, President Obama celebrated Labor Day and presented the American Jobs Act:
This is why Virginia is celebrating:
If you're fired up, commit to vote for President Obama right now:
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step America's ever taken to tackle climate change.
RT if you agree: Universal background checks will save lives and it's time for Congress to act. #VoteGunSense,
RT @OFA_MI: Great turnout here at Judy N's #MIPrimary house party!
Health care reform has helped millions of Americans #GetCovered. Join the team keeping up the momentum:
Proud to cheer on Team USA at the Invictus Games today with my friend Joe. You represent the best of our country.
Have you signed up to host a "Time to Deliver" event in your area on 10/20 yet?
The fight for real health care reform begins in your neighborhood June 6. Attend a kickoff event:
Romney thinks we need fewer teachers, firefighters, and police officers and now he won t talk about it:
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to @OFA supporters on how everyone can help #StopGunViolence.
Retweet to tell Tea Party Republicans in the House of Representatives: Do your job. End the government shutdown now. #EndThisNow
He can t do it without you chip in $6 now to help the President keep moving our country forward:
RT @DemocratsDotOrg In many places around the country, today is Election Day. Help get out the vote:
President Obama just spent 48 hours in 8 states sharing his plans to keep us moving forward. Help him spread the word:
"Second: Congress should restore a ban on military-style assault weapons, and a 10-round limit for magazines."
About to address the nation on the state of our union. Watch at
You can make a difference for next year right now chip in today:
Five million (and counting).
Sign up for a shift to get out the vote in the four days before the election:
Obama: "I've asked the @VP to lead an effort ... to come up with a set of concrete proposals no later than January" to reduce gun violence.
The other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. Join the team fighting to protect it:
"They proved that nonviolent change is possible. That love and hope can conquer hate." President Obama #Selma50
Tune in tonight for an address that will lay out the path forward in Afghanistan.
Say cheese. #NationalPizzaDay
"You re meeting your responsibilities. Your representatives in Washington should do the same."
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more:
How small businesses fared in Massachusetts under Governor Romney:
VP Biden delivers this week s address urging Congress to extend middle-class tax cuts and unemployment insurance.
Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life. #ThankATeacher and share how important yours were:
FACT: Under President Obama, our economy has added 5.4 million private-sector jobs over the last 32 months.
Hello, Columbus! Hello, Ohio! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go? President Obama
We need a fully functioning Supreme Court. Speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote:
In Lebanon, VA. Holding a "Change We Need" town hall. Watch it live at
Fighting climate change will save Americans money at the gas pump. #ActOnClimate
Colin Powell endorsed President Obama this morning, citing his leadership on jobs, foreign policy, and health care:
FACT: Small businesses create two out of every three new jobs in the U.S. #SBW2013 (@whitehouse)
President Obama in Chicago: This is where Michelle and I met; where we fell in love. This is where we raised our daughters.
We are not going back to the days when women with pre-existing conditions like being a cancer survivor were denied affordable coverage.
It s President Obama s last birthday in office d on t forget to sign the card.
FACT: President Obama helped prevent student loan interest rates from doubling for more than 7 million students.
RT @WHLive: Obama: If we don t act, taxes will go up for every American starting next year. I m not about to let that happen.
More than 14,000 members of the military have been discharged as a result of #DADT. Two share their stories:
President Obama on the GOP: Their theory is if you can t afford health insurance, hope you don t get sick.
Held a bipartisan meeting to discuss a forward-looking energy agenda that creates jobs and lets us lead in solar, wind, and biodiesel.
Getting this far on Wall Street reform hasn t been easy, but I urge Congress to send me a final bill to sign into law.
"My last piece of advice is this simple _ Persevere. Because nothing worthwhile is easy." President Obama
If you agree with President Obama that everyone deserves a shot at higher education, RT this image:
America deserves an immigration system that works. It's time to #ActOnReform:
Stand with President Obama tonight:
Share the love let people know how they can #GetCovered during the holidays:
POTUS: The real Romney has been running around the country for the last year promising $5 trillion in tax cuts that favor the wealthy.
Give your #SquadGoals an upgrade enter now to meet President Obama:
Our FEC report today: In January 2012, #Obama2012 raised a combined total of $29.1 million between committees.
Even President Reagan said it was wrong for a millionaire to pay a lower tax rate than a bus driver:
RT if you're one of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to pass universal background checks for gun sales.
Watch the weekly address: The economy is gaining momentum, but Congress must do its part.
Congress knows where I stand. Now they need to hear from you:
George Clooney is hosting the President next month, and you're invited. Start thinking about your +1:
In Washington state, thousands are getting covered. More from @latimes:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about what s at stake for the middle class this fall.
In Portsmouth, NH holding a foreign policy forum. Watch it live stream at
President Obama to furloughed workers: "Thank you. Thanks for your service. Welcome back."
"I believe we're finally at a moment when comprehensive immigration reform is within our grasp." President Obama
You could have a chance to join the President for his birthday celebration in Chicago your airfare's covered:
Letter of the week: Clifford, a disabled veteran, wrote about why he can t wait for action on jobs.
RT @OFA_NH: #Exeter gets ready for @JoeBiden s #BuffettRule speech here tomorrow:
Delivering the commencement address at the United States Coast Guard Academy. Watch live at 11:30am ET: www.wh.gov/live
In NH today to discuss ending insurance discrimination for preexisting conditions. Watch Kristen's story:
"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." President Obama on #Obamacare
Ever wonder what a day in the life of the President is like?
Generations of immigrants have made this country what it is. It's what makes us special. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
The story of how the Affordable Care Act gave Erica a fighting chance.
Tune in at 4:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month.
Political Wire: "Biden was more prepared, more experienced and the clear winner":
The President on new fuel efficiency standards: Our cars will average nearly 55 miles per gallon by the middle of the next decade.
Bienvenidos a
"This is the global threat of our time...We have to get to work." President Obama on climate change. #ActOnClimate
@BrittanyOKC: Happy birthday, Brittany, and thank you for taking the time to support #Obama2012 and @OFA_OK!
Watch: President Obama discusses his plan to #MakeCollegeAffordable for the middle class in this week's address.
"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." President Obama
As our troops leave Iraq, learn more about how the President is supporting our veterans once they return home:
The first week of #ActionAugust is coming to an end and @OFA supporters are fired up:
Tune in today: #MLKDream50
Great progress made today: Senate overwhelmingly voted to bring #ImmigrationReform to debate. Let's fix this broken system.
"This is a moment to reflect on how far we've come since the early days of the AIDS epidemic." President Obama #WAD2013
During the congressional recess, let your representatives hear from you about the challenges facing our country:
In the weekly address, the President discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs:
"Today, I'm focusing on how to better protect American consumers from identity theft." President Obama #Cybersecurity
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims and their families in Barcelona. Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends. Un abrazo.
Check out the progress made in President Obama s first 100 days:
ICYMI: There's more good news about job growth and the economy. Check out this progress:
It's time. #EqualPayDay
"We want to make sure more young people have the chance to earn a higher education." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Watch: Climate change is real and it's happening now. See how President Obama is taking action.
Watch: It's time to stand up to sexual assault.
Karl Rove tweeted about you:
Millions of Americans are counting on this.
Don't miss your chance to be a part of this:
Four more years of progress: There s an app for that. Take a tour of the new #Obama2012 smartphone app:
Listen in for an inside perspective on one-on-ones from a key member of the #Obama2012 team:
RT if you agree: Millionaires like Mitt Romney shouldn t pay a lower tax rate than middle-class families.
President Obama watching tonight's vice presidential debate:
You should put your name on this #RaiseTheWage petition:
"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of America." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
President Obama: When generation after generation of minority children suffer, our country suffers. #MyBrothersKeeper
If you missed it yesterday, here's President Obama's fired-up speech to the UAW:
There are just two days left to throw your name in the hat for #DinnerWithBarackAndJoe:
"More than 450,000 of your neighbors are poised to get a raise." President Obama on Minnesota raising the minimum wage #RaiseTheWage
Don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at 2:15 p.m. ET:
President Obama: We repealed Don t Ask, Don t Tell, so no one s ever kicked out of the military because of who they love.
Watch: @WValderrama dreamed big when he moved to the U.S. Now he's fighting for immigration reform so others can too:
FACT: President Obama s health care law is saving seniors money through lower premiums and free preventive services like cancer screenings.
This morning: Tampa. President Obama just stopped by a local firehouse, and brought breakfast.
30,000 @OFA_WI supporters turned out to see President Obama in Madison today.
"We left our countries &amp; traveled many miles with the desire of a better life &amp; living the American Dream." Beverley M. #ImmigrationReform
CEA chairman Austan Goolsbee discusses General Motors in a White House White Board:
RT this map to spread the word about how Mitt Romney's GOP endorsers are attacking women's rights:
"The American people have to demand that the folks in Washington do their job." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
President Obama: "It may not be the perfect solution. We may not save every life. But we can make a difference." #NowIsTheTime
See how this election adds up for you:
Check out President Obama's interview with @WSJ on why America needs to #LeadOnTrade:
President Obama: "Over the last 30 months, we ve seen 5 million jobs in the private sector created."
President Obama in Toledo: "They call it Obamacare. It s true I care. The other side s plan is the Romney Doesn t Care plan.
President Obama is at the @CopernicusCtr in Chicago speaking about #ImmigrationAction at 5:35 p.m. ET. Tune in:
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, President Obama will never stop fighting for you:
Hosting a town hall on health care reform at the White House today. Watch on ABC tonight at 10pm ET #healthcare09
Add your name: Support the President's action on immigration reform today.
Use the hashtag #ClassSizeMatters to share why you think our kids need more teachers in the classroom.
Let President Obama know you have his back as he calls on Congress to pass the American Jobs Act:
If you're ready to fight for good jobs and a strong middle class, say so here:
Lots of disinformation on health insurance reform out there. Learn/share the facts:
Dear Mitt Romney: Here's why laying off teachers and first responders isn't good for our communities or our economy.
Funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too:
With only 10 days until the November elections, the calls you make now are more important than ever.
Wyoming Republican rep on Twitter: @cynthialummis #compromise
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975. #DoYourJob
"No matter what you look like or where you come from, here in America, you can make it." President Obama
Obama needs your help to pass the policies Americans voted for last fall. Say you're in:
Letter of the week: Morgan shares how the President s Yes, we can speech has inspired her since 2008.
FACT: President Obama has a plan to end the war in Afghanistan in 2014 Mitt Romney does not.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches.
President Obama: It makes no sense to expel talented young people, who, for all intents and purposes, are Americans.
Nearly all of us came from someplace else and it's time to make sure others can do the same. #ImmigrationReform,
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." President Obama #SOTU
CNN's John King: "There's no question" the President won the debate. "He's the commander in chief."
Cleaner air is safer air. #ActOnClimate
"I want to extend my best wishes to all our Sikh friends, across the United States and around the world." President Obama #HappyGurpurab
Health care reform matters. Just ask Michael:
The landmark #ParisAgreement enters into force today we must keep up the momentum to #ActOnClimate.
Today 39 Senate Republicans left 1.7 million job-seekers and their families #OutInTheCold by not renewing unemployment insurance.
FACT: Ryan couldn t explain how Romney s plan to double down on trickle-down would create jobs, because it wouldn t. #DetailsMatter
"We need to stop companies from renouncing their citizenship just to get out of paying their fair share of taxes." President Obama
Leaving for Prague tonight, meeting with Russian President Medvedev to sign a new strategic arms reduction treaty tomorrow.
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him:
Obama: "Let s do the right thing. Let s do right by our kids. Let's do right by these families. Let s get this done." #DemandAction
Thanks for standing with the President to prevent a student loan rate hike. Help keep making college more affordable:
Action on climate change can't wait which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.
"He s doing everything he can to hide his real positions and win this election by telling us everything he thinks is wrong with America."
Coding is important and fun. @CSforAll, thanks for your work to make sure every kid can compete in a high-tech, g _
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, tens of millions of Americans can't be denied health care due to a pre-existing condition.
"All the middle class in this country wants is a chance. No guarantee, just a chance." @VP Joe Biden
President Obama urges Republicans to extend the payroll tax cut. Watch live:
President Obama gives a fifth-grader the best absence note ever:
"Go to
"This race is officially on and if we want to win, the only way is to out-organize them on the ground." Are you in?
Voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage.
Over the course of the day we'll be sharing the stories of supporters like you who told us why they're part of the campaign. #bo50
Be the first to get updates on #RunwayToWin, a collaboration by top American fashion designers in support of #Obama2012
RT @quadfather911: Talk about inspirational... #Obama2012
President Obama: Even his own running mate said he s 'kind of a throwback to the 50s'."
Tell your senators: The time for comprehensive #ImmigrationReform that fuels innovation is now.
President Obama: We grow faster when our tax code rewards hard work and companies that create jobs here in America.
President Obama is acting on #climate change. Say you'll join him:
A chance to have dinner with the President is a chance worth taking:
President Obama announces his plan to reduce our deficit. Watch live:
In Iowa this week. Just announced plan today to "Reclaim the American Dream" Learn more about the plan at
President Obama on Romney's 1-point plan: "It s the same philosophy that s been squeezing middle-class families for more than a decade."
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt. #SOTU
Make this simple commitment: Say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment.
Retweet this: "The Jersey Shore is back and open for business." President Obama #STTS
Dear Congress: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save lives and it's time to make it happen.
Join tonight's online screening of the @TheDreamisNow then tweet questions to a live panel using #DINchat.
Send a holiday card to your senators telling them your wish this season is for them to pass health reform:
To the people in the Gulf, we are standing by your side. And to Americans across the country, come on down and visit.
TONIGHT: President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Dinner, hosted by @ConanOBrien. Watch live at 9:45 ET:
POTUS: Every single day, another 500 women take the helm of their own company right here in America.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not just for a few." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
RT @OFA_OH The best gift we can give @BarackObama is to bring new voices into the campaign for #Obama2012
Tonight is one of the most critical fundraising deadlines we ll face. Please make a donation of $3 or more right now:
"We're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." President Obama #JoiningForces
Help welcome #Obama2012 campaign manager Jim Messina to Twitter. We call him Messina, but on here he's @Messina2012
Your calls and tweets made a difference thank you. Read the President's full statement here:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice we face on education this fall.
"We send our thoughts and prayers to all at the Navy Yard who've been touched by this tragedy." President Obama
RT if you're #ProudOfObama as our commander in chief.
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and @DrBiden speak in Michigan on expanding #CollegeOpportunity.
Own a piece of this campaign chip in $3 before Saturday s critical fundraising deadline:
OFA supporters are donating their Twitter pictures to mark the anniversary of the #RecoveryAct. Change yours here:
En route to Asia. Follow the trip on the @WhiteHouse blog:
We need to be willing to sacrifice, but we can t sacrifice our future. We need a balanced approach to deficit reduction.
"It wastes America's time ... You guys are all paying for it as taxpayers." President Obama on House leadership's lawsuit
RT this link so your friends know President Obama's plan to fix our broken immigration system.
This @OFA_MI neighborhood team is fired up and all smiles:
Watch the weekly address: For Veterans Day, President Obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform.
I ve been with President Obama for 6 1/2 years now and there s nothing I d rather be doing.
The American Jobs Act will save or create nearly 400,000 education jobs:
In 15 minutes, President Obama will deliver the 2013 State of the Union. Watch it live here:
Watch live: President Obama speaks about college affordability in Nevada.
This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented. #DoYourJob
Mitt Romney's idea of bipartisan leadership: Ignore, insult, and oppose.
Our power plants must get cleaner: Support the @EPA's new limits on carbon pollution.
President Obama on the choice we face this fall: I think you grow an economy from the middle out, not the top down.
The President's appointment of Cordray is the latest step he's taken to address the Wall Street abuses that caused 2008's financial crisis.
Show your support at the ballpark with one of our new #Obama2012 hats:
RT @Obama2012: Higher education cannot be a luxury reserved for the privileged few. It is an economic necessity. President Obama
At 11:25 a.m. ET, listen to President Obama speak about @Obamacare:
The President is fired up for the first rallies of this campaign here s a reminder of what those look like:
Increasing my tax burden would make it tougher to purchase my own health insurance when I turn 26 this June. Kimberly, MD
We've still got hours to go and can still keep bringing more people into this campaign. Pass it on:
"Kyle is a shining example of what our nation needs to encourage." President Obama to Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter
"You're not just investing in yourself you're investing in your nation." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Join Health and Human Services Sec. Sebelius for a live video chat on the new health reform law, at 7pm ET:
President Obama: We created a college tax credit that s saving families up to $10,000 for college tuition over four years.
Find out how @OFA is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a reception celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth.
President Obama on home ownership: It's a place to raise children, put down roots and build savings for college, a business or retirement.
The economy added 243,000 jobs in January, for 23 consecutive months of growth:
America s possibilities are limitless, for we possess all the qualities that this world without boundaries demands. President Obama
"After all that we've had to overcome, our Congress should stop standing in the way of our country's success." President Obama
A warm welcome to the 1,751 new #OFAFellows. Thanks for joining the fight to make change happen.
Add your name if you're one of the 7 out of 10 Americans that supports raising the minimum wage:
If you've come down with #Romnesia and can t remember the promises you've made, don t worry Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions.
Add your name if you agree cutting carbon pollution is just common sense:
Mitt Romney says he would get rid of the Production Tax Credit for wind energy, costing thousands of American jobs:
"Our energy, our technology, our auto industries they're all booming." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change. #ActOnClimate #SOTU
Let's get this straight: Take the opportunity for affordable health care away from millions of people, #OrTheyShutDownTheGovernment?
Taxes will go up for 160 million Americans by the end of this month if Congress doesn't act. What does #40dollars a paycheck mean to you?
"Our unemployment rate is the lowest it's been in five years." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Get inspired by a few photos from the field this week then sign up for a #RegToVote Weekend of Action event near you:
Have you updated your Obama gear? Make sure you've got a 2012 t-shirt:
Time to stop paying Big Oil twice at the pump and on tax day. Tell Congress to end taxpayer giveaways to oil companies:
"We know that we can innovate and meet this challenge. But we've got to start now. We can't wait." President Obama #ScienceSaysSo
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national security we must act now. _
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle #Obamacare.
Obamacare is the law of the land. Tell Congress #EnoughAlready:
In New York, meeting with world leaders at the United Nations. Watch the speech:
Watch live: President Obama holds a joint press conference with the leaders of Mexico and Canada.
A free flight to Chicago. A free hotel room. Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor. Enter now:
Mitt Romney's son thinks President Obama should release his birth certificate. Guess he doesn't have one of our mugs?
More calls for a vote on #immigration reform in the House this time, from a Republican representative:
"Same-sex couples should be able to get married." President Obama
Congratulations on leading the way, @MikeSamFootball. That's real sportsmanship.
Small businesses we ve cut their taxes 18 times. President Obama
Here's a quick way you can help out in the final push for health care:
It's official: January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record.
You've made 35,000 calls to Congress already! Help us get to 100,000:
Americans are standing up and saying #EnoughAlready to Congress. Join in:
Speaking about the economy at Forsyth Technical Community College in Winston-Salem, NC. Watch live at 12:20pm ET.
RT @NikAbramson: I like ObamaCare because it allows me to stay on my parents insurance. :-) I am so grateful for the Obama plan!!!!
Watch: Climate change is happening now, and President Obama is taking action.
Have you picked up an #Obama2012 campaign button?
Good news: Obama proposed clean gasoline standards that would reduce severe health problems like asthma attacks.
FACT: Romney would appoint Supreme Court justices who would overturn Roe v. Wade.
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world.
Wildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generations because of climate change:
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name:
"No challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." President Obama #SOTU #ActOnClimate
Enroll in a health plan by February 15th and be covered on March 1st.
In the weeks leading up to November 2, OFA is organizing rallies across the country and a town hall webcast.
The President on John Kerry, his nominee for Secretary of State: "John s entire life has prepared him for this role."
"A housing finance system that makes it easier and safer to buy and build new homes that s about jobs." President Obama
I've asked Debbie Wasserman Schultz to continue her excellent work as chair of the DNC. Thanks for all you do, Debbie. -bo
Read @AmbassadorPower's thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the #IranDeal.
Editorial boards to senators: #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Despite near-record profits, Big Oil keeps getting $4 billion of your tax dollars every year. Tell Congress time s up:
President Obama: This Veterans Day and every day let s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them.
President Obama: "If we had turned our backs on you, if we had thrown in the towel like that, GM and Chrysler wouldn t exist today."
Stand with President Obama: Tell the Senate GOP that #EqualPay for equal work is a right, not a privilege:
President Obama just became the first sitting president to vote early:
In Miami today to talk about how we can win the future through education. Watch live at 4pm ET:
President Obama: This is going to be a close election and it is going to be an important debate.
You ve got a shot at dinner with the First Couple. Airfare is covered and your odds are better than you think:
Be a fly on the wall in an #Obama2012 field office and if you like what you hear, join a team in your own neighborhood:
"Our economy would be a trillion dollars stronger if we get immigration reform done." President Obama #StandWithOurFuture
If you want to take action on issues that matter, #ActionAugust is for you. Sign up today:
In case you missed it, President Obama was on the Tonight Show with @JayLeno last night:
Mitt Romney this morning: "No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know this is the place I was born."
"We ll have your backs just like you had ours." President Obama. Happy Veterans Day.
RT @kerry_y_lee: #ILikeObamacare because health care, like education, should be a basic human right.
"It's not just on the survivors." President Obama #ItsOnUs
In honor of these two strong female Supreme Court justices, we're sharing a few facts about diversity and women on our federal courts.
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to #ActOnClimate.
Howard's employees and business are seeing big savings. #ThisIsWhy the Affordable Care Act is important to him:
Lilly Ledbetter sent this letter to Mitt Romney today, urging him to take a stand for #EqualPay:
Photo of the day: Atlantis makes its last landing, marking the final flight of the space shuttle program
OFA staff is live tweeting the President's remarks in Philadelphia right here on @BarackObama.
In 2009, pre-Obamacare: This 17-year-old's insurance was rescinded after she was diagnosed with celiac disease.
It s not every day we get to welcome the First Lady of the United States to Twitter happy to have you, @MichelleObama!
"You can make it here in America if you try. That's who we are. That's who we're fighting for." #AmericaForward
None of the progress the President spoke about last night is going to happen without you behind him. Say you're in:
POTUS: I bet on American workers and 3 years later, the American auto industry has come roaring back with nearly 250,000 new jobs.
Landed at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel. Spoke earlier today in Amman, Jordan. View the video at
Unemployment rate Federal deficit Uninsured rate
By ending Don t Ask, Don t Tell, no longer will patriotic Americans be asked to live a lie in order to serve the country they love.
Tell your members of Congress don t be a Grinch. President Obama on the payroll tax cut:
The First Family is in the holiday spirit. Watch the National Christmas Tree lighting at 5:00 p.m. ET:
"These are facts... in a world that is warmer than it used to be, all weather events are affected by a warming planet." President Obama
The Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote. #DoYourJob
Make sure your friends know: Romney supports overturning Roe v. Wade, which would take away a woman s right to choose.
Imagine being a fly on the wall when two presidents meet now consider being part of the conversation:
One thing you can do today: Follow this campaign on Tumblr.
A hero of war, George McGovern became a champion for peace. Michelle and I share our thoughts and prayers with his family. -bo
We can't let climate change deniers derail progress say you stand for bold action:
Tiffany shared what $2,000 means to her and the President stopped by to talk about it:
Congress is running out of time just 15 days to take action on jobs. Tell them you won t accept more stalling:
RT @JoeBiden: Congress is scheduled to vote on the Buffett Rule next week. Why do you support a fairer tax system?
WATCH: President Obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe.
If you missed it last night, watch "The Road We've Traveled" here an inside look at the President's first three years:
Today, we reached a total of 1,008,426 calls (and counting) to Congress in support of health reform. Congratulations, and thank you.
Protection against employment discrimination is a no-brainer. Show your support for #ENDA today:
Congress may be stalling on immigration reform, but you can fight back:
FACT: President Obama is committed to protecting and strengthening Social Security and opposes any attempts to privatize it.
President Obama: Last week, the other party gave their sales pitch down at their convention in Florida. Don t boo vote.
ICYMI: A new study says more than 10M Americans gained health insurance through the health care marketplace so far.
By investing in our infrastructure, we will create good middle-class jobs right now and make our economy run better over the long haul.
This is important: Help this campaign grow and get entered to meet Presidents Obama and Clinton on the trail.
The Boston Globe on Romney s investments in Chinese companies that use unfair trade practices he claims to oppose:
As Congress prepares for final votes on Wall St. reform, tell your member of Congress that you support reform.
Expanding Medicaid isn't just practical it's the right thing to do.
Join Health and Human Services Sec. Sebelius for a live video chat on health reform & insurance companies, at 3:40pm ET:
How President Obama is moving us forward:
President Obama on Democrats and Republicans coming together: "That's the way the American people expect Washington to work."
It s my hope that together we can move closer to the day when we eliminate HIV/AIDS from the face of the earth.
State and local governments are taking action to #RaiseTheWage:
Comprehensive #immigration reform: good for our economy, good for our country. #StandWithOurFuture
"Over half of big manufacturers say they re thinking of insourcing jobs from abroad." President Obama #SOTU
There s a brand-new way to wear your support in 2012. Presenting the Obama! t-shirt:
Holding a press conference at 12:30pm ET. Watch live at
"I m going to keep doing everything I can to help you save money on gas, both right now and in the future."
President Obama has a message for you:
"Today, I am joined by researchers who invent some of the most advanced metals on the planet." President Obama
Worth a RT: Today s the last day to register to vote in several states. Fill out your form here then mail it in.
Tomorrow is Bo s third anniversary as First Dog. Help celebrate by picking your favorite photo on Pet Lovers for Obama:
High five.
We need to give undocumented youth and their families the chance to earn their citizenship. Get involved:
Five years ago, a woman named Edith Childs proved that one voice can change the world:
"We are not going to give up now. We are going to get this done, and show the American people that govt can work for them." #hc09
Happy Mother's Day to Carol from her son @DanBiller.
As of midnight, we're closing the books on the first chapter of this campaign with 493,697 donors. Thank you. #TeamObama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Fairfax, Virginia.
This West Wing Week: signing the repeal of #DADT into law and looking back on a historic Congress:
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." President Obama
"I can t remember a time when this many Americans spoke with such a united voice in favor of anything."
Incredible perseverance by Lauren Cheney -- welcome to Alex Morgan. #USWNT
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the Supreme Court's health care ruling.
FACT: Since January 2010, we ve added 479,000 manufacturing jobs the biggest gains in that sector since the mid-1990s. #MadeInAmerica
Looking forward to watching Michelle's interview on NBC nightly news tonight.
Congress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. #DisarmHate
It's time for Congress to take common-sense steps to reduce gun violence. #TimeToAct,
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." President Obama #SOTU
North star:
You don't want to go the rest of the year without health insurance. Get covered now:
Some of our favorite photos from election night:
Missing from Mitt Romney s debate performance last night: Facts.
President Obama is bringing Michelle as his guest for #DinnerWithBarack who will you bring?
"The hardest thing to change in politics is a stubborn status quo." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Now that we know who's on both teams, say you're with Obama-Biden:
In Chicago, at DePaul University speaking about the need to eliminate the world's nuclear weapons. Watch live now
"If you work hard you should be able to earn a living ... You should be able to support your family." President Obama #ABetterBargain
"I am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." President Obama on the 42nd anniversary of #RoevWade
President Obama: "It s a plan that incorporates ideas from Senators and Congressmen; from Democrats and Republicans." #hc09
"Michelle and I send our deepest thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims in the wake of this senseless loss." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is in Pittsburgh speaking about spurring American manufacturing and innovation.
Wisconsin &amp; Minnesota: Polls close at 8pm CT. Spread the word: You can vote as long as you're in line before then. #StayInLine
Watch the stories of the two parents who joined the First Lady for last night's address:
Small businesses and families are tightening their belts. Their government should too.
The President s first rally of 2012 is this Saturday at @OhioState. Hoping all you Buckeyes will be there:
Stand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
It s up to all of us to defend that most basic American principle of a government of, by, and for the people.
POTUS: Through all my campaigns, what s given me hope is the American people. You have the ability to cut through all the nonsense.
"The Affordable Care Act is here." President Obama
Next on the list: Five more House members who have the opportunity to lead on on #immigration.
The deadline to enroll in a health plan that kicks in on February 1st is January 15th. Get shopping:
RT @somu1317: What does the President plan to do to help manufacturing? #Obama2012
Tell Congress to stop withholding an economic lifeline from job seekers. #RenewUI today:
Get inspired to make a difference this month. Watch the highlights from the #ActionAugust summit:
RT @daniellekantor: In NoVa, Hitting the pavement, registering voters. Are you fired up? I am! #dayofaction #obama2012 #VoteReg11
Good night, L.A.
Sami is asking Congress: #WhatWillItTake to act to ensure that families are no longer torn apart by gun violence?
Happy birthday, Secretary @Madeleine Albright.
Congress can still prevent taxes from going up on 98% of Americans. But they've got to act right now.
"If you say that you love American cars during a debate but you wrote an article titled 'Let Detroit Go Bankrupt' you might have #Romnesia."
Today s grassroots fundraising tip: Let folks know who you re playing for.
In Washington, DC at the State of the Union. To watch my response visit
President Obama gives a preview of his State of the Union address:
Lots of people talking about this moment from the President's press statement today:
Holding online town hall on health care reform this Weds. Watch the vid & submit your q's:
In North Carolina touring the headquarters of Cree, a leading manufacturer of LED lights. Follow along live:
President Obama: We will finish what we started. We re still fired up. We re still ready to go. #Obama2012
Watch live: The White House honors leaders in American Diaspora communities with roots in the Horn of Africa.
President Obama: "We understand that America is not about what can be done for us. It s about what can be done by us, together."
Say no to cynicism:
FACT: In '10, PA had the 5th-highest rate of gun deaths among kids and 95% of the state supports universal background checks. #DemandAction
Every bit helps. 98% of our contributions in July were $250 or less, for an average donation of $53.49.
This is it the House is voting on health reform legislation tomorrow. Tweet your rep and ask them to support reform:
"When the Affordable Care Act passed, there was this lump in my throat that said 'this is for me.
Find out how @OFA organizers are gearing up to #ActOnClimate in their communities and how you can support this work:
In Manassas, VA. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
There's something coming tomorrow and it's going to be big:
The House's inaction on #immigration costs the U.S. more by the second see for yourself:
President Obama: These aren t just health issues, or women s issues they re economic issues that affect every family in America.
"In the 21st century, one of the best anti-poverty programs is a world-class education." #SOTU
You can register to vote in less than 5 minutes. Get it done right here before it s too late ---&gt;
A backstage high-five in Colorado today:
As GM relaunches itself as a public company, we're beginning to see some of the tough decisions that we made in the midst of crisis pay off.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new plan to boost job growth for middle-class Americans.
RT to let the GOP know that you re not willing to go backwards when it comes to equal rights:
Take a stand for #Obamacare:
Here's George, a middle school civics teacher, on why he supports the President's plan to create jobs:
RT @AdamSusaneck: How will the President's policies help young people find work? My friends are graduating and are worried about jobs
"In a government shutdown, millions of Americans not just government workers ... face economic hardship." President Obama #EnoughAlready
There's no time like the present. Support @OFA today and keep this movement for progress strong:
Smile! VP @JoeBiden and a young supporter have their photo taken in Exeter, NH today.
Whatever I say here today, it s going to be a distant second from the speech you hear tonight from the star of the family, Michelle Obama.
"It doesn't matter where you start, it matters where you end up." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Progress: In June, the private sector added 262,000 jobs. #ActOnJobs
.@AdamSusaneck: Short term: invest in teachers, small biz hiring, &amp; clean energy. Long term: advanced manu., R&amp;D will yield good jobs. -Axe
Read &amp; share President Obama's long-term economic plan to grow the economy and create jobs:
Today you've shown the power of this movement once again reaching out to more than 1 million voters in a single day. Thanks for all you do.
A report on how Romney's firm invested in companies that specialized in relocating American jobs overseas:
Before the end of 2011, help make sure #Obama2012 is as strong as possible for next year:
"By giving my time, I am making a real difference in our country." Michael on why he's part of #Obama2012.
Today is Election Day. Do you know where to vote?
Does your representative know that you want action on gun violence? Call your rep now:
If you missed the President's Google+ Hangout yesterday, you can watch the full session here:
Thanks to #Obamacare, quality health care is available to everyone. The marketplace is now open make sure you and y _
"Here in America it s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." President Obama
Tonight the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this ye _
"It is good to see some friends who stick up for students and teachers and education every day." President Obama to @PathwaysInTech
Sign this petition:
We re putting Americans to work producing clean energy that will lower our reliance on foreign oil and protect our planet.
LIVE: President Obama is taking action to reduce the burden of student loan debt.
"My message to the American people is this: Don't get discouraged by a vote like the one we saw this morning. Get fired up." President Obama
Romney s firm took over Dade Behring, loaded it up with debt, and let it go bankrupt. Nearly 3,000 workers lost their jobs. #RomneyEconomics
POTUS: "Osama bin Laden is no longer a threat to this country. Al Qaeda is on the path to defeat."
Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures.
"We are kind of long past the time when women should be excluded from anything." @WhiteHouse:
Don't miss this:
"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama
Middle-class tax relief is real money that s going to make a real difference in people s lives.
Tell Tea Party Republicans to stop playing games with our economy.
Broncos or Seahawks?
RT if you agree: We should reduce the deficit by closing tax loopholes for millionaires not by raising middle-class taxes.
More than 237,000 people have chipped in so far to help build @OFA, with an average donation of $55:
RT @TruthTeam2012: On marriage equality, President Obama is moving us forward. Mitt Romney wants to take us back:
Send a message to the Senate that you support the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell":
President Obama: "I know what change looks like because I fought for it. You have too."
Photo of the day: The First Lady does the Bunny Pokey.
After an incredible first year, help @OFA kick off 2014:
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how:
RT @whitehouse: Couldn't have said it better ourselves: #40dollars, in your words:
Under #Obamacare, the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on record.
Thanks to President Obama, students can consolidate their loans and lower their interest rates by up to 0.5%, saving hundreds. #progress
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding opportunity for hard-working Americans:
"Ultimately, what you do day to day, away from the TV cameras, that s what is going to make a powerful difference." President Obama to @OFA
"Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get organized." President Obama
"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal pay these are family issues and these are economic issues." President Obama
The President s jobs plan would help support 325,000 jobs for teachers in classrooms around the country.
Three years after President Obama signed the Recovery Act, Bill talks about the loan that helped start his business:
Add your name if you agree: Politicians shouldn t be making health care decisions on behalf of women.
Florida Republican reps on Twitter: @CongJeffMiller (FL-01), @Rep_Southerland (FL-02), @AnderCrenshaw (FL-04),@reprivera( FL-25)
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Sign this petition if you believe it's time for a higher minimum wage:
President Obama: "Ohio, we do not need more tax cuts for folks who are already doing really well. We need tax cuts for working Americans."
Mitt Romney's firm bought Ampad in 1992. The next year, it had $11 mil in debt. By 1999, it was $400 mil in the red. #RomneyEconomics
Great news: Economic growth in the second quarter was even better than reported.
The writing s on the sidewalk for tomorrow's #Obama2012 rally in Columbus:
Goodbye, Rufus:
RT if you agree: Congress should keep interest rates on federal student loans from doubling on July 1. #DontDoubleMyRate
In Flint, MI discussing my competitiveness agenda built upon education and energy, innovation and infrastructure, fair trade and reform.
I have you to thank, President Obama, for giving me a chance to change my life for the better.
A powerful action takes a simple click commit to vote:
It's time for workplace policies that help #FamiliesSucceed. Read how @OFA volunteers are taking action:
"Improving gas mileage for these trucks is going to drive down our oil imports even further." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Make sure this campaign keeps growing by getting your friends involved start a grassroots fundraising page today:
LIVE: Watch as @Pontifex is welcomed to the White House.
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
President Obama s Veterans Day message of thanks to veterans and their families:
President Obama: "Real reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship." #ImmigrationReform
"From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." President Obama
Watch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address:
There is still time to find your polling place and vote. Find it here:
RT if you agree: We can t afford a president who opposes equal opportunity for women. We need one who fights for it: President Obama.
Over 600 volunteers took part in yesterday's @OFA_OH training for neighborhood teams an early, strong start:
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote.
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time. #WomensEqualityDay
A hospital visit won't break your bank account, thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
RT @TruthTeam2012: Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on the Affordable Care Act s many benefits:
Providing people with health care that should be a no-brainer. President Obama
President Obama: "We're all in this together. We rise or fall as one nation, as one people."
FACT: Paul Ryan voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps women fight for equal pay for equal work.
Be counted in this amazing grassroots milestone:
We're re-releasing the campaign's limited-edition "Made in the USA" mugs. Get yours.
Millions of Medicare recipients saved an average of $569 on their prescriptions this year:
Warm up.
Time's running out: Enroll today and be covered on February 1st.
POTUS on Romney: His experience has been owning companies that were called pioneers in outsourcing jobs to countries like China.
Follow up: More on bees.
President Obama to those celebrating #RoshHashanah tonight: "I want to wish you and your families a sweet and happy new year. Shanah Tova."
Energized by the news of winning Mississippi. We've won the most states, the most votes and the most delegates.
.@MarcAnthony comparte sus razones por apoyar al Presidente Obama:
There's still time to sign up for tomorrow's National Day of Service find an event in your community now:
President Obama in Pittsburgh: Despite the cynicism and the negativism, what I think about is my first race."
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would raise taxes on 95% of Americans. Find out if that means you, too:
RT if you agree: Universal background checks for gun sales would save lives and it's time for Congress to act.
President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to #SwitchToClean energy:
Tell Senate Republicans: We should invest in clean energy and combat climate change not gut the progress we've made.
Reading this on your phone? Pitch in $10 to Obama for America right now by texting GIVE to 62262. 6 msgs/mth.
This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.)
"Your voice might move fellow citizens to change what needs changing." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Defend health care reform join Team Obamacare:
Climate change is real and it's time to act.
Last night, this campaign reached 10,000,000 donations in 2012 a huge milestone and a historic record for grassroots politics.
We just passed 850k calls to Congress. Help break 1 million today -- call the Capitol switchboard at 202-559-1161 right away.
If you missed President Obama s address last night, get the facts about the American Jobs Act at
Check getting covered off of your to-do list. Find a plan that works for you before the February 15th deadline:
Unemployment insurance makes a big difference to Americans like Erin. Read her story and tell Congress to #RenewUI:
Here's how the President s all-of-the-above energy strategy is creating jobs &amp; reducing our dependence on foreign oil:
Only a few hours left: Enter by midnight to join the President in New York for an evening with Beyonc and Jay-Z.
"It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come." President Obama #SOTU
FACT: Romney didn t finalize a severance agreement with Bain until 2002, three years after he says he left the buyout firm.
"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." President Obama #ADA25
Side-by-side for 24 years. Here's to many more. #HappyAnniversary
Legislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back:
RT @JoeBiden: The VP gave a speech on national security yesterday at NYU watch his full remarks:
Starting now, we ll be keeping track of the candidates as they backtrack and double down on issues.
President Obama's message this morning on Iraq:
Elizabeth Warren will discuss the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, at 1pm ET. Watch live at
The burden of student loan debt is too great. If you agree, go #OnTheRecord:
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. #DoYourJob
Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to reduce gun violence. Join them:
"It's the last call." @OFA Executive Director Jon Carson on the push to help Americans get covered #ActionSummit
"Our history shines with patriots who answered the call to serve." President Obama
Emi in North Carolina: "If you do support our President, you can't just sit back."
Tell your friends, family, and neighbors: #GetCovered.
One year ago today, @OFA was founded and volunteers are still going strong, organizing for the issues that matter most. #OFAYearOne
POTUS on efforts to help homeless veterans: Every veteran who has fought for America ought to have a home in America.
President Obama speaking to students in Nevada today: In today s economy, the single best predictor of success by far is a good education.
Press conference at 12:30 on energy legislation, Iran, health care and the economy. Watch it live:
No American who works full time should have to live in poverty:
FACT: Because Congress failed to act, FEMA disaster relief could be cut by $928 million making it harder to recover from severe storms.
These volunteers are taking a stand to #RaiseTheWage in their hometown:
More good news about the economy: "Auto Production at Its Highest Rate Since 2002"
Today we honor the victims of the Aurora shooting. #NoMoreNames
There s still time to find a house party near you and to get connected with volunteers in your community:
Folks made 766,000 donations more than twice as many as we had at this point in the 2008 campaign.
.@somu1317: Cut tax rates for manufacturers, invest in R&amp;D, create public/private institutes to promote new technologies. -Axe
President Obama: Today, more women are bread winners than ever before, but they are still making less than men. #WomenSucceed
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome. #ActOnClimate
This is unacceptable. Tell Tea Party Republicans to stop holding our economy hostage:
This is your chance to speak out tell Congress they need to #StandWith immigration reform.
The crowd in Concord:
RT @pfeiffer44: Tune into @jimmyfallon tonight to watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on student loan interest rates
Delivering remarks after a conversation on the economy with three Seattle small-business owners. Listen at 3:20 pm ET.
I want to give 2 million more Americans the chance to go to community college &amp; learn skills local businesses are looking for right now.
Happening now: @RepCardenas discusses immigration reform on CSPAN &amp; Twitter. Tweet questions for members on the floor using #CIRmeansjobs.
"Those countless, often anonymous heroes they deserve our thanks." President Obama #LoveWins
WATCH: President Obama is speaking at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." President Obama
In his weekly address, President Obama urges both parties to take action to avoid defaulting.
"What we're seeing are two very different models of fund-raising."
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." President Obama on the Amtrak derailment
Read the urgent security review conducted by the administration in the wake of the failed Christmas terrorist attack:
LIVE: President Obama is in New Jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. Tune in:
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Happening now: President Obama discusses taking action against ISIL.
Look cool while staying warm with our new #Obama2012 zip-up hoodie.
.@OFA's petition demanding background checks for gun sales will be printed and delivered this week. Add your name:
A new report shows that interest in the @Obamacare marketplace continues to grow:
Mitt Romney was still running his corporate buyout firm in 2001. Here's why that's important:
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the @NatlParkService.
Happy Pi Day
Used to be, kids like Isaac could be denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition.
President Obama: "None of this is necessary. It s happening because of a choice that Republicans in Congress have made." #JobsNotCuts
The #TPP eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on American goods.
"Give America a raise." President Obama to Congress #RaiseTheWage #SOTU
Forgetting what your own "severely conservative" positions are, and hoping voters will too: that's #Romnesia.
"I can't name a time when I met an American who would rather have an unemployment check than the pride of having a job." President Obama
Government can partner with the private sector to make sure every worker has the skills they need.
The President announces the launch of Environmentalists for Obama:
Six @OFA_WI supporters on how personal stories power this campaign:
Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblr starting with a letter thanking the President for #Obamacare:
In 2009, people were denied health care for having allergies, acne, asthma, or toenail fungus.
FACT: Thanks to Wall Street reform, the @CFPB is making contracts for mortgages, student loans, and credit cards easier to understand.
Retweet if you agree that working full-time for only $14,500 a year isn't enough.
RT @JoeBiden: VP Biden s swinging through the Buckeye State this week we ll be tweeting about his trip with the hashtag #MadeInOhio
FACT: Here in the U.S., 2012 was the warmest year in recorded history. Let's #ActOnClimate for our planet's future:
"Even with the website issues, we've actually made the process of buying insurance ... a lot smoother than the old way." President Obama
Watch President Obama and @CEAChair Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about new efforts to help the long-term unemployed.
We should expand oil production in America even as we increase safety and environmental standards.
I am willing to work with anyone Democrat or Republican, governor or member of Congress to make #HCR even better and more affordable.
Already covered? Make sure to check out your options:
Since the passage of #Obamacare, health care spending has risen at the lowest rate ever recorded. Find out more:
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change.
Submit your questions about the administration s economic recovery efforts here:
This is a key moment chip in and support a movement that stands for progress:
Check it out: On its one-year anniversary, @OFA joined Facebook. Go say hi.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @OFA's #ActionSummit in D.C. Watch:
Next Wednesday, OFA members will gather across the country to watch the State of the Union address. Host a #WatchParty:
America deserves a raise. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:
Retweet if you agree. #EqualPayDay
We don t need a whole bunch of politicians in Washington, most of whom are male, making health care decisions for women. President Obama
President Obama: #Obamacare has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable.
Today @OFA volunteers are calling on Congress to give American women a #FairShot.
"Empowering women isn't just the right thing to do it s the smart thing to do." Obama on International #WomensDay:
President Obama speaks at the White House Rural Economic Forum in Iowa. Watch live:
Did you watch President Obama s speech in Osawatomie? What did you think?
Plan ahead and #GetCovered:
President Obama looks ahead to 2012:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
It's time to #LeadOnLeave because what's good for workers and families is good for the economy:
"Women, the sick, survivors they deserve fair treatment in our health care system." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
One seat filled, three to go: Enter now for your chance to win a place at the President s table at Dinner with Barack.
Act soon to get your name on this minimum wage petition before it's too late:
"I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." President Obama
If you ve got federal student loans, find out if you re eligible to consolidate them and lower your interest rate:
Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to reduce gun violence and make our schools safer:
Stand up for expanding #CollegeOpportunity for hard-working students:
Mark was 25 when he became a victim of gun violence. This is his story:
President Obama: "As I stand here tonight, I have never been more hopeful about America."
When he wanted to be VP, Mitt Romney gave John McCain 23 years of tax returns. Now Americans only get to see one:
Now, Congress needs to do its part: pass tax credits for hiring unemployed and disabled vets. Urge them to act:
In MI, unveiling my manufacturing agenda. It's time to recapture the spirit of innovation that has always fueled America's economic success.
Be prepared for the cold. #GetCovered today:
President Obama: "I ve put forward a plan to make sure that we re bringing manufacturing jobs back to our shores."
We're coming to the end of a long campaign all that's left to do is get out the vote. Let's win this. -bo
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship.
Despite all the resistance, despite all the setbacks, I've never lost sight of the vision we shared that you would have a voice.
President Obama continued to advocate for kids by supporting new anti-bullying legislation today. Join him:
See the impact on students in every state if Congress votes to raise student loan interest rates:
Ranchers and farmers are facing instability, due to the effects of climate change:
FACT: Thanks to President Obama, graduates will be able to cap their student loan payments at 10% of discretionary income. #progress
NASA leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change that:
Congratulations to Charlotte, host of the 2012 Democratic National Convention. Help make it the People's Convention:
This is what @OFA is all about:
LIVE: President Obama and @DrBiden discuss the administration's plan to expand #CollegeOpportunity.
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations.
You don't need a stamp to send this holiday card:
The President has a message for supporters as we approach a major milestone: 1 million donors. Watch, then share:
Obama: "First, my plan builds on our manufacturing growth by ending the tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas." #MadeInAmerica
Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the #TPP will help protect the environment:
Have you entered for your chance to have #DinnerWithBarack?
In the last year, the GOP has worked to restrict voting in states across the country. Find out how you can fight back:
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs.
President Obama: "You can join me in building a future that focuses on a strong and growing middle class."
"No one in America should ever be afraid to walk down the street holding the hands of the person they love."
"We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." President Obama #Selma50
"Michelle and I extend our best wishes to all those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." President Obama
FACT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands but they still don't cover all gun sales. #TimeToAct
Humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. Who's your #ProfileInCourage? Tell me about them: _
The deadline to apply for a summer internship at Chicago HQ is coming up. Here's some advice from our current interns:
What a small business loan (and some wind) can do:
We all have a story of a mother, grandfather, or great-great grandparent who came here to find opportunity. Jose Magana #ImmigrationStory
If you vote, knock on doors & talk to voters, then we won't just win this election we will restore the American Dream.
Some members of Congress still won't listen to the scientific consensus on #climate change. Call these deniers out:
Check out the @WhiteHouse's new state-by-state map to find out how the #ACA is helping people where you live:
A tribute to the late, great Senator Ted Kennedy:
FACT: Obamacare allows young adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans until they reach age 26. #TeamObamacare
Volunteers across the country are making a difference at phone banks right now. Find one near you:
Don't forget to tune in at 2:00 p.m. ET to hear how President Obama plans to boost middle-class job creation.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in New Orleans at the 2012 National Urban League Conference.
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to #ActOnClimate is now.
It's time to fix our broken immigration system so families like Claudia's aren't torn apart:
Jennifer shares how the Home Affordable Refinance Program helped save her home:
"No one is madder than me about the fact that the website isn't working as well as it should ... It's going to get fixed." President Obama
There's still someone out there who's going to fill the last seat at #DinnerWithBarack. Is it you?
Just two hours until tip-off here's your last chance to out-pick the President:
"It remains the task of us all, as citizens of these United States, to be the authors of the next great chapter in our American story."
The choice this fall: Forward vs. back on the economy:
Despite the #GovernmentShutdown, the Affordable Care Act is here to stay. #FF: @Obamacare
President Obama remembers Nelson Mandela: "A man who took history in his hands and bent the arc of the moral universe towards justice."
The clock is ticking have you enrolled yet?
Launching "Artists for Obama" items in Store.BarackObama.com with a limited Shepard Fairey print. Direct link:
Watch live: The premiere of "The Road We've Traveled," an inside look at the Obama presidency.
If you missed it last night, or want to watch it again, here s President Obama s #DNC2012 acceptance speech:
The First Lady landed in Botswana today and was greeted with a special dance performance. Watch here:
Starting on October 2nd, which is 6 days from now, you get to start voting. President Obama in Ohio
OFA staff will be tweeting highlights from tonight's #SOTU address. Watch live at 9pm ET:
FACT: President Obama has made clear that he will not let Iran obtain a nuclear weapon, &amp; imposed the toughest sanctions on Iran in history.
Lunch run.
It s wrong that 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion. @OFA volunteers are organizing:
"Hello, Florida! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?" President Obama
Just three days left to enter #DinnerWithBarack make sure to toss your name in the hat:
Today is President Obama's birthday make sure you sign OFA's card:
In a few minutes President Obama will announce his intent to nominate Richard Cordray to lead the @CFPB. Watch live:
Letter of the week: Christy from Tennessee supports President Obama because he supports her students.
"He s been consistent and kept his promises." Andrea, a volunteer in Indiana, tells her story:
I spy...
Our country is losing out on the economic gains of immigration reform because the House is stalling.
We can only fix our broken immigration system if you speak up and demand action. Share your family's #ImmigrationStory:
No more stalling: Climate change deniers need to understand now that this is a real threat.
"I m directing my administration to allow the development of clean energy on enough public land to power three million homes."
"We should be making sure that hard work pays off with a higher minimum wage." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Nevada about the choice we face in this election.
Thank you to everyone who has made calls, knocked on doors, and voted today.
"This is not your fight alone. It's on all of us." President Obama #ItsOnUs
If everyone who fought for change shows up to vote in Nov., I am absolutely confident that we will win. Commit to vote:
"I'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. I'm pushing them because I think this is where America needs to go." President Obama #Leadership
IMPORTANT: Congress is only one day away from another shutdown. #EnoughAlready
In just over a week, the interest rate on federal student loans is scheduled to double. President Obama
Get covered for the new year:
The @NYTimes on why Congress should pass a strong background-check bill that helps keep guns out of dangerous hands:
In case you missed it last night, watch the address that lays out the way forward in Afghanistan:
This shutdown is affecting thousands of children every day. Say #EnoughAlready:
Barber in audience asks POTUS if he can cut his hair. POTUS: You know that you would not want a President who was disloyal to his barber.
Harry Reid: "In order to be effective, any bill that passes the Senate must include background checks."
Help break the silence on gun violence in America. Join the fight for common-sense reform:
Your story will inspire others to speak out. Tell Congress why #NowIsTheTime to reduce gun violence:
Introducing Dashboard a new, one-stop shop with all the tools you need to organize for #Obama2012 in your community:
Watch tomorrow night s first presidential debate with Obama supporters in your community:
Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leave add a comment today:
"Today marks exactly five years since the minimum wage went up in this country." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportuntyForAll
You ve got a full-scale Republican working for you, sir.
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Phoenix about strengthening the housing market.
A round-up of what people are saying about President Obama's clear win in last night's foreign policy debate:
Kicking-off a two week tour focusing on the current economic crisis & the need for new economic policy:
Iowa, spread the word: Your polls close at 9pm CT, and you can vote as long as you're in line by then. #StayInLine
In Arlington, Virginia, to speak about how we can reform our education system. Watch live at 10:40am ET.
Don't wait to make your campaign donation your contribution makes the biggest difference right now:
Mitt Romney says his Medicare plan is identical to Paul Ryan s voucher plan:
President Obama: "I still believe in one nation and one people. I still believe in you. And if you still believe in me, I need your vote."
POTUS on making refinancing your home easier: It s one small step that will help us create the kind of economy that all Americans deserve.
"Anyone who tells you that America is in decline or that our influence has waned doesn t know what they re talking about." #SOTU
Follow Deputy Campaign Manager @stefcutter during Mitt Romney s GOP convention speech tonight for fact-checks and reaction.
Just 39 days till Election Day. Pitch in $5 or more now to help win this thing in the final stretch:
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing America:
POTUS: I have a question for Governor Romney: How many teachers jobs are worth another tax cut for millionaires and billionaires?
"We still have more work to do to reach more kids, and reach them faster." President Obama #ConnectEd
I hope to see you backstage in Las Vegas next week. Today is the last day to enter by texting BACKSTAGE to 62262.
Always to the point. MT @ChicagosMayor: Because #LifeHappens. #GetCoveredNow. Deadline is 3/31
The set-up at President Obama's town hall in Cincinnati this morning:
If you re #ProudOfObama and how he has fought for us over the past four years, stand with him for four more:
Great news: At the start of 2015, workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage.
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work.
President Obama is hitting the road this summer to meet Americans who wrote him a letter. Read more:
Happening now: President Obama is holding a press conference. Tune in.
FACT: Romney has said it s fair for him to pay a lower tax rate than a worker making $50,000, despite making nearly $14 million last year.
"We have to do everything we can to make sure every American has access to quality, affordable health care." President Obama
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire:
Today we wish a happy second anniversary and an early #FF to @LetsMove, @MichelleObama s initiative to fight childhood obesity.
Check out what @VP Biden told a group of @OFA supporters yesterday:
Find out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action.
To quote Bob Schieffer's mom: "Go vote." Commit to support President Obama here:
OFA supporters in Arizona made sure their voices were heard this weekend, and were joined by an unexpected guest:
Just 2 days before loan rates double for 7.4 million students. Tell Congress to prevent a rate hike:
Middle-class families shouldn t pay a higher tax rate than millionaires.
In deal after deal, Romney and his firm cared most about taking millions even as they crippled companies and put thousands out of work.
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter now and you and a friend could be headed to Alaska:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the House Democratic Issues Conference. Tune in:
Use this calculator to find out if you're eligible for financial assistance to help pay for health insurance:
If Romney had been president when the American auto industry was on the verge of collapse, we might not have an American auto industry.
Let your Republican legislator know where you stand on the payroll tax cut:
FACT: Only 18 of the 65 judges Gov. Romney appointed in Massachusetts were women. #RomneysBinders
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey.
Take an interactive look at the progress President Obama and the LGBT community have made over the last few years:
I m calling on Congress to give every responsible homeowner the chance to save an average of $3,000 a year by refinancing. President Obama
Add your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and #DoSomething about gun violence:
President Obama delivers his annual back-to-school address. Watch live:
The fight for common-sense #ImmigrationAction isn't over. Read more:
Sign this petition: Your voice matters in the fight to raise the minimum wage.
Elizabeth, who owns a small IT company, talks about the ways President Obama is helping entrepreneurs like her:
The debt agreement makes a significant down payment to reduce the deficit finding savings in both defense and domestic spending.
More than 706,000 people donated to #Obama2012 in June and more than 181,000 of them were giving for the first time.
Making sure we can continue to move forward starts with a promise to cast a ballot this November. Please commit to vote:
Faizan wants to build an innovative tech startup. Our broken #immigration system is standing in his way. Watch now:
This campaign launched a year ago today check out #Obama2012 s progress to date and sign up to keep it moving forward:
Retweet so people know there's still time to #BeatTheBuzzer and get covered before today's deadline.
We have always understood that when times change, so must we. President Obama
In Mitchell, South Dakota. Heading to a rally at the Mitchell Corn Palace. Visit
One side s fighting for middle-class families and the other s not:
Newsflash for Congress: Universal background checks for gun sales should not be controversial. #WeDemandAVote,
An invitation from Sarah Jessica Parker:
"No one built this country on their own. This nation is great because we built it together."
Ready to join this organization's next generation of leaders? Suit up here:
The GOP debate is starting in 45 minutes put your money where their mouth is:
Have health insurance on February 1st. Sign up today.
The President made a surprise visit to campaign HQ yesterday to thank staff &amp; volunteers. Here's what he said.
Share what change means to you:
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final #SOTU:
Meet the next generation of organizers:
RT @OFA_FL: Students are gearing up to hear from @DavidAxelrod tonight at our #GreaterTogether Summit.
At the second break, "Obamacare" is still in the lead -- but "fence" is catching up. Check it out:
Ready to take the #100Challenge?
"He offered us some of his fries! And I thought, this is the leader of the free world."-Kathie's #DinnerWithBarack:
Final tally: five double-downs, one backtrack. See what they were at
In a single moment 58 years ago today, Rosa Parks helped change this country.
HHS Sec. Sebelius is answering your questions about new benefits from health reform. Watch live at 3:15 pm ET.
RT @OFA_PA: Here is why Centre County is in. What about you? #opendoors2012 #obama2012
Making friends in Iowa.
We're building a national grassroots organization at a neighborhood level follow @OFA_SC and @OFA_NV to see it in action this weekend. #FF
We don t turn back. We leave no one behind. President Obama at the DNC. One of our favorite moments from this year:
"This is a country where opportunity should be available to anybody." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
The Supreme Court just cleared the path for marriage equality in at least five more states. #LoveIsLove
17.6 million Americans covered that's a number to celebrate:
President Obama in Osawatomie last month: "We're greater together than we are on our own."
Michelle and I want the @ObamaFoundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're gettin _
We've got his back.
.@hhsgov Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will answer your health reform questions today at noon ET. Watch live:
The President and First Lady launch Veterans for Obama:
Our education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and #ThankATeacher today:
"Today, American consumers finally have a watchdog in Richard Cordray with one job: To look out for them."
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the @WhiteHouse Summit on Worker Voice.
Montana Republican rep on Twitter: @dennyrehberg #compromise
Today the House voted to repeal Obamacare for the 40th time a vote the majority of voters agree is "a waste of time."
Doug is a rancher in New Mexico, and he's feeling the effects of climate change firsthand:
Today, we re filing papers to launch our 2012 campaign. Say that you're in:
"This law is bringing greater security to Americans who already have coverage." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
If the debt ceiling isn't raised by Thursday, America could face an economic shutdown. #EndThisNow
"This is personal for me. I've got two daughters, and I expect them to be treated just like anybody's sons." President Obama #FairFutureNow
President Obama: Because of the Affordable Care Act, young adults under the age of 26 are able to stay on their parents health care plans.
Before the Senate votes on it today, let President Obama know you support the American Jobs Act.
Today is the last day to enter to meet President Obama backstage. Sign up to win a free trip:
The most important marketplace open today:
Janani, a high school senior, thanks the President for making college more affordable in today s letter of the week:
President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union today. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET:
Campaigning in Indiana today. Going from Indianapolis to Columbus and on to Terre Haute. For more info visit
"I m sending this Congress a plan that gives every responsible homeowner the chance to save about $3,000 a year on their mortgage."
Walk away from this agreement and you will get a better deal for Iran. President Obama #IranDeal
"There are places and moments in America where this nation s destiny has been decided ... Selma is such a place." President Obama #MarchOn
The first bill President Obama signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. Hear Lilly tell her story:
"You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." President Obama to @OFA supporters
President Obama: Our world is filled with serious challenges. But we can and will meet those challenges if we stay true to who we are.
Hosting a town hall meeting at Indian Hills Community College in Ottumwa, Iowa. Watch Live at 5:35 pm ET:
"It was important for me to speak directly to your generation." President Obama on how #climate will have a profound impact on our future
Reasons to give: President Obama supports military families like Carmen s.
You should own a piece of this:
"Your state legislature is poised to raise the minimum wage this year." President Obama to Minnesotans
You can follow today's #Obama2012 National Day of Action by tracking #votereg11. Volunteers: tweet us your stories from the field.
VP Biden: President Obama knows that making sure our daughters get the same pay as our sons must be every father s bottom line.
"I m going to go out there and try to get conversations started. Olivia, a grassroots donor growing this campaign:
"America is a place for everybody that's what we're fighting for." President Obama
"The Bill of Rights is the foundation of American liberty, securing our most fundamental rights." President Obama on Bill of Rights Day
"We were able to double the amount of grant aid money that goes to students." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Volunteers across the country won't let their representatives forget what repealing health care reform could mean:
A few small business owners wrote letters about why they support President Obama here s what a few of them had to say.
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education.
Another remarkable demonstration of grassroots support for health reform:
A promise kept:
Look for an #Obama2012 message from Sarah Jessica Parker during tonight's MTV Movie Awards show starts at 9pm ET.
After a year of debate on health reform, it's time for a vote. It's time to make true on our promise to the American people.
This shouldn't be controversial: Keeping Americans' drinking water safe is a good thing.
"I don't have pride of authorship on this, I just want the thing to work." President Obama on #Obamacare in each state #CGI2013
"The Affordable Care Act is moving forward. You can't shut it down." President Obama #Obamacare
FACT: #Obamacare expands Medicaid, which is currently the largest funder of mental health services in the country. #MentalHealthMatters
"The American people are not going to have any patience for a politically self-inflicted wound to our economy." President Obama
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to #DisarmHate.
Streamlining our visa system will ensure that businesses can hire the best and the brightest. #AmericanStory
Read the President's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration:
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick on his predecessor, Mitt Romney: He was a lot more interested in having the job than doing the job.
"There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." President Obama
Here are some #Obamacare success stories you haven't been hearing about:
"We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." President Obama
Campaigning today in South Bend, IN and will be on Letterman tonight at 11pm ET/PT on CBS.
Today s news is not an excuse to talk down the economy to score a few political points. President Obama in Virginia
"In the year since I first asked Congress to raise the minimum wage, six states have gone ahead and raised theirs." President Obama
President Obama: "A strong economy doesn t trickle down from the top it comes from a thriving middle class."
Make #53 special for #44:
It began pouring down rain at a rally outside Richmond yesterday:
Show your #Obama2012 support on your car with our new window clings:
We're closing in on 2 million people owning a piece of this campaign. Watch this ticker count up:
This #TeaPartyShutdown can end now @SpeakerBoehner has the votes in the House. Tell him #JustVote:
Chip in and see your name on the @OFA Donor Wall. Don't miss it:
The Senate is set to vote on #immigration reform today. Be a part of the fight to pass a comprehensive bill:
"I ve raised my kids teaching them that it s not enough to go vote on Election Day you have to volunteer, too." Loreen
President Obama: When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us.
Have a question about the health reform proposal? Ask it at today's live White House video chat at 1:45 ET
Meeting folks in South Carolina today. Excited to have received Columbia's The State, Rock Hill Herald & Greenville News endorsements.
"I m the President of the United States, and it was only about 8 years ago that I finished paying off my student loans. President Obama
Only a day left until our National Day of Action. Sign up to help grow this campaign in your community:
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy:
President Obama will address the nation at 9:00 p.m. ET about the threat posed by ISIL. Watch:
Watch: Amanda and Solomon went for years without coverage, but now they can afford insurance.
"3.3 Million Signed Up for Obamacare, Young People Surge" More from @NBCNews:
Thanks to the #RecoveryAct, clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs.
An overwhelming majority of Americans agree Congress needs to act. #DisarmHate
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle #Obamacare more than 60 times join the team that's fighting back:
Make your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland:
Birthday game: stronger. Wish President Obama a happy 55th.
These seven representatives serve districts who want leaders on immigration. #ActOnReform
FACT: Mitt Romney has said students should shop around if they re worried about higher education costs.
If you think $14,500 a year is not enough, sign this petition:
If Congress acts on #immigration reform, real wages will rise, deficits will fall by $800B and our debt will shrink. #StandWithOurFuture
Holding a town hall meeting In Lynchburg, VA. Watch it live at
Where are you voting tomorrow? Find your polling place and make a plan to vote:
97 percent of climate scientists agree: Climate change is real and man-made. #ActOnClimate
Instead of re-fighting the battles of the last two years, let s fix what needs fixing and move forward. #SOTU
David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about what's at stake in this election.
There is still time for Congress to avoid a government shutdown. Tell them to do their jobs:
Follow @OFA this morning for live updates from the Organizing for Action founders' summit.
Solar energy is more accessible than you think: #ActOnClimate in your own community. #PutSolarOnIt
"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." President Obama #EqualPayNow
POTUS on Romney: "His main strategy during the Republican primary was to say we re going to encourage self-deportation." #SketchyDeal
"I believe we're going to win this fight and I am confident that we will do so together." President Obama #WAD2013
30 senators are staying #Up4Climate with all-night speeches on the Senate floor tonight:
LIVE: The President discusses how the success of Massachusetts' health care plan provides a blueprint for @Obamacare.
Barack Obama and his mother, Ann, at his high school graduation.
"Stricter gun laws were needed long before my son's murder and they are definitely needed now."
In the weekly address, see the President's plan for building an economy that works for every hard-working American:
RT @nanziska Hey @OFA_CO we're making our first phone calls at our newly cleaned office in aurora! #arapahoeisonfire
Tell Congress to act now to fix our #immigration system. Sign up for the @MarchforInnov this week:
.@robinlkd: You have a role in this. Let's elect people who want to solve problems instead of score political points.
RT @petesouza: Photo of flotus answering calls from kids tracking Santa:
I am here for the seniors unable to afford the prescriptions that they need. #iamherefor
Launching a tax calculator at
What's been the GOP's top political priority over the last few years? Not jobs, not improving people's lives, but...
Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it:
Climate change denial is at a record low just not in Congress. Read more:
A look at why President Obama "scored a solid victory" last night:
I think bringing our troops home to their families was the right thing to do. President Obama
The effects of extreme weather on the East Coast have been devastating. #ThisIsReal
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card:
Obama on the improving job market: "The last thing we should do is allow Washington politics to get in the way."
When you decide it s time for change to happen, change happens:
Ready for summer?
President Obama on Senate Republicans' repeated votes not to extend middle-class tax cuts:
Hosting a tele-town hall meeting with seniors to answer questions on the new health care law. Watch live at 11:40 am ET.
"I wanted to come here today because I've heard great things about this high school and all of you." President Obama in Nashville
Speaking of #YOLO:
I need you to help us finish the fight on health reform. Pick up the phone and make your voice heard in Washington.
FACT: Federal agencies reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than 15% from 2008-2012 equal to taking 1.5M cars off the road #ActOnClimate
We have to renew people s faith in the promise of this country together: business & government, workers & CEOs, Democrats & Republicans.
Addressing the National Governors Association at 11am ET with Vice President Biden. Watch live:
In Reno, NV. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
Hope you're ready fall is here.
Team U.S.A. is leading the Track &amp; Field medal count and there's more to be proud of at home. RT if you agree:
RT @aekeegan07: We're ready to go in Wheat Ridge, CO. #sumorg11 #votereg11
Support the campaign right on your front lawn with an Obama-Biden yard sign:
Holding a press conference about the administration's ongoing response to the BP oil spill. Watch live at 12:45 pm ET.
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: "There should not be a shred of doubt by now: when the chips are down, I have Israel s back." #AIPAC
See how well Mitt Romney s promise to create jobs in Massachusetts worked out:
Tomorrow is a special day for @MichelleObama will you take a minute to sign the First Lady's birthday card?
May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.
Happy birthday, @FLOTUS. Thank you for all you do.
Adding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to #ActOnClimate.
#ThisIsWhy Virginia can go to the doctor again:
Nearly three-quarters of the way there:
"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Grab some friends and register to vote now!
We have to make sure our economy works for every working American. Watch the weekly address:
A sunny afternoon with mom:
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible sign the petition:
"We don't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should." President Obama #ItsOnUs
#GotCovered? Take note of today's #Obamacare number:
RT @BrandiInIndy: Leap Day = Extra Day to Organize. Let's do this. #Obama2012
Have a hard time picking a card? You're in luck: @OFA wants you to pick your favorite for President Obama's birthday:
"Immigrants have made this City of Broad Shoulders their home." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
"By working hard every single day every single night you are making the best investment there is in your future." President Obama
Looking forward to talking to supporters at house parties this Tuesday night. Find a party near you:
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics. #DoYourJob
Highlights from the tribute to Sen. Kennedy's life and accomplishments from last year's Democratic National Convention:
Grab a friend today and get in on one of the biggest voter registration pushes of this campaign:
We ll be live-tweeting the #SOTU starting at 9pm ET. If you're not near a TV, watch the speech here:
Yesterday in Iowa, President Obama spoke about why Congress needs to extend tax cuts for middle-class families:
Only 39 days before summer recess: Tell your members of Congress to get to work and pass the President s jobs plan:
We join the people of Poland in mourning the passing of Polish President Kaczynski, and all those killed in today's tragic plane crash.
President Obama: "The wonderful thing about the Olympics is that it reminds us that for all our differences, we're Americans first."
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the #ALConvention in Charlotte. Tune in:
Enforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why America needs to #LeadOnTrade.
HealthCare.gov offers simple tools to help you take your health care into your own hands.
"If we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." President Obama #Cybersecurity
Man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more here:
Mitt Romney will try an extreme makeover to get his policies to appeal to Latino voters. Here s why it won t work:
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the Joplin High School commencement ceremony in Missouri.
RT @WhiteHouse: Clinton: "New technologies do not take sides in the struggle for freedom and progress, but the US does"
Even former President Reagan agrees: Weapons of war have no place in our communities. #NowIsTheTime,
President Obama: If I could sit down with you in your living room or around your kitchen table, here s what I d say.
FACT: Romney and Republicans in Congress have refused to extend middle-class tax cuts without giving millionaires tax cuts they don't need.
Here's your reminder to take this important #Obamacare survey:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Nevada about the choice we face on education this fall.
President Obama to Congress: "You can't just be against something you've got to be for something."
Four years ago next week President Obama s victory speech at the Iowa caucus:
President Obama: I m not going to cut things like education. I m not going to cut research that helps our economy.
Rolling Stone: Mitt Romney secured millions in a federal bailout for Bain while paying big bonuses to executives.
Ben Harper is firing up the crowd here on Library Mall in Madison. Watch live:
Reminder: If you're waiting to vote in Florida, #StayInLine! As long as you were in line when polls closed, you can still vote.
When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more:
Last call for health insurance this year:
Departing the Duke-Georgetown game. Two great teams -- great game.
Quick question: @OFA wants to know what you're looking forward to hearing at the #SOTU.
We ve got a new 2012 t-shirt check it out:
It ll be time to vote before we know it commit to vote now, then spread the word:
As long as I m President, I will wake up every day and fight for American jobs. President Obama
Spread the word: Romney and Ryan would cut the investments we need to grow our economy.
Gov. Romney is on the wrong side of each of these issues. His plan could cut aid for 10 million students. President Obama
Watch: President Obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's #SOTU address.
This is important: The #TeaPartyShutdown is putting the safety of our food at risk.
The House of Representatives voted yesterday to deport the DREAMers. This is not who we are as a country. #StandWithDREAMers
Where does Mitt Romney stand on the payroll tax? Help find out:
#ILikeObamacare, t-shirt edition:
It was a great weekend to get out and register voters check out photos from volunteers around the country:
Photo of the day: Celebrating the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which granted women the right to vote.
Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to #LeadOnLeave and #RaiseTheWage:
President Obama discusses the importance of helping lift the burden of student loan debt.
"Today I'm here to focus on one thing ... training more Americans to fill the jobs we're creating." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Our Health Reform Video Challenge finalists showcase the creativity and passion you bring to this debate. Watch and vote:
President Obama: I promised to cut taxes for small business owners and we have, 18 times.
Add your name to tell Congress: no more nonsense, and no more threats to shut down the government over #Obamacare
Michael is a veteran who wants to put the skills he learned while serving to use in a job back at home:
"That's my mandate."
President Obama: I can see myself in these young men...the only difference is I grew up in an environment that was a little more forgiving.
President Obama and the First Lady are hosting the next #DinnerWithBarack enter for your chance to be there:
"I m setting a new goal: By the end of this decade, let s enroll six million children in high-quality preschool." President Obama
Happening now: President Obama is announcing a new initiative to #RebuildAmerica. Tune in here:
In Atlanta: had a great event with Usher and Dominique Wilkins. Fired Up!
President Obama's getting ready: RT if you're excited to hear his #SOTU speech tonight.
Start 2015 with health insurance:
Help Michelle get out the vote for the President make calls to voters in key states:
President Obama: My plan will actually cut the deficit, unlike Gov. Romney s. #AmericaForward
Photo of the day: President Obama proposes the Buffett Rule
In Las Vegas, Nevada. Fired Up & Ready to Go!
ICYMI: See why #immigration reform means great things for the economy.

Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now:
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally. #WomensEqualityDay
Latinos for Obama launches on April 18th sign up to host a house party and hear from @GeorgeLopez and @Archuleta2012:
It's International Women's Day: Happy ceiling-shattering.
Excited to hear from Sierra, Imani, Filiz, and Benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. See you in _
Elizabeth Banks: President Obama has not compromised on women s rights.
Spoke in Charlotte, NC today. Watch part of the speech at
President Obama: "We had a severe outbreak last night it was at least stage 3 #Romnesia."
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: Higher education is the single most important investment you can make in your future.
Romney-Ryan: Now twice as ready to bill the middle class and seniors for millionaires' tax cuts.
"Today we generate more renewable energy than ever." President Obama #ABetterBargain
"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." President Obama
Joe Biden has been sworn in for a second term as Vice President of the United States. #inaug2013
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
Watch live: President Obama delivers remarks on his plans for government reform.
President Obama: My hair may be grayer than it was four years ago. But my determination to do right by you is stronger than ever.
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." President Obama on the #ParisAgreement
Not only did volunteers surpass OFA s goal of knocking on 200,000 doors last weekend, but they also made 168,330 calls:
Take a few minutes to write a letter to the editor highlighting how #HCR is improving lives in your community.
Foreign policy leaders explain why President Obama is the only candidate qualified to lead America on the world stage:
At a groundbreaking for a Michigan plant that will manufacture green-car batteries. Listen to live remarks at 1:30 pm ET.
From the Obama family to yours, have a very happy Thanksgiving.
Our Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long. #DoYourJob, Senate leaders.
Pres. Obama will meet with BP tomorrow to tell them to set aside necessary funds to compensate businesses and people who have been harmed.
"I am proud of you," Stephon signed. "Thank you," the President signed back.
Spotted: The Bidens in North Carolina today for the White House "Community College to Career" bus tour.
RT if this describes you:
Congress has just 26 days until summer recess. Tell them to get to work on jobs:
Good thing #Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions:
Our #Obama2012 t-shirt is perfect for canvassing, yardwork even pickup football games.
RT @Obama2012: .@BarackObama on teachers, firefighters, and police officers: "They deserve our support."
Spread the word: This week, you can #ActOnClimate along with @OFA supporters nationwide.
Obama: "I know many of you in Newtown wondered if the rest of us would live up to the promise we made in those dark days if we d change."
FACT: Extending the wind energy Production Tax Credit would allow the industry to grow to 100,000 jobs in just four years. #MadeInAmerica
RT @timkaine #PROGRESS, a new site, shows the real effects of the steps @TheDemocrats have taken to rebuild our economy.
She can t vote yet, but she s got his back:
If you re on #TeamJoe, now s the time to show it. Pitch in $5 or more to help win this election:
"We were just fired... We had insurance until the end of the week. That was it. It was brutal.
Effective immediately, the Department of Homeland Security is taking steps to lift the shadow of deportation from these young people.
Tiffany from Colorado: Everybody needs go out and vote for President Obama today.
"Every day, Americans carry forward the tradition of service embedded in our character as a people." President Obama #NationalVolunteerWeek
"We want to let people living with mental health challenges know that they are not alone." President Obama #MentalHealthMatters
Thank you for being a friend:
President Obama s U.S. auto rescue was a tough call but it was the right one. Here s why:
Walking out to greet the crowd in Iowa from the President's point of view:
"This was a good day for America. Let's get back to work." President Obama #ACAWorks
We have to work harder to uphold the ideal that we are all equal & deserving of the chance to pursue our own happiness.
Cindy chose to #GetCovered and found a plan to fit her and her family.
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Everyone has a role to play in ending sexual assault. #ItsOnUs:
One reason it's time to #RebuildAmerica: 65% of America's major roads' condition is rated lower than good.
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate:
President Obama: "They're counting on young people to just accept their version of the way things ought to be."
A powerful statement by President Obama today:
Meet Shivani, one of thousands of people making a difference by turning their passion into action with @OFA:
Get your free #Women2012 bumper sticker before tonight's deadline:
The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read every night. The men &amp; women I meet on the campaign trail every day.
He speaks to me. He s the person in church who I look up to, or the guy around the corner at the football game.
The most important thing we can do is to vote and to make sure we re talking to friends & neighbors. Make calls tonight:
Pres. Obama on Romney: "When you're president, as opposed to the head of a private equity firm, your job is not simply to maximize profits."
President Obama: If we don't invest in American education, we put our kids, workers, &amp; businesses at a competitive disadvantage.
Ready for the numbers the pundits will focus on?
POTUS on oil tax subsidies: That s outrageous. It s inexcusable. And I m asking Congress; eliminate this oil industry giveaway right away.
RT this link so your friends know the President's plan to fix our broken immigration system:
Fun fact: New Jersey has the most puppeteers per capita who have donated to this campaign:
POTUS: "My opponent doesn t understand this concept about how change happens. He said, I m going to get the job done from the inside. "
Arkansas Republican reps on Twitter: @RepRickCrawford (AR-01), @RepTimGriffin (AR-02), @rep_stevewomack (AR-03)
I'm following @MichelleObama's example and voting early, on October 25. If your state has early voting, join me:
"America deserves equal pay for equal work." President Obama #FairFutureNow
American workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on #TPP:
2 million strong:
Take a behind-the-scenes look at July 4 at the White House and yesterday s visit to Smith Electric Vehicles in Missouri.
I bark for Barack a car magnet for dog owners:
Sign @OFA's birthday card for President Obama:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio on the Road to Charlotte about what s at stake in this election.
The voices of millions of Americans shouldn t be drowned out by millions of dollars in secret, special-interest advertising.
"If folks in Washington really want a 'grand bargain,' how about a grand bargain for middle-class jobs?" President Obama
Is this seat taken?
Check out this historical photo album of Hanukkah celebrations at the White House:
Colorado: Voting by mail? Put a stamp on that ballot and send it in today:
FACT: Romney didn't ask for resumes of qualified women to appoint in Massachusetts a coalition of women s groups gave them to him.
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders: The time to fill the vacant seat is now.
RT @carmeloanthony: I m committed. Are you?
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree.
"We're now seeing the manufacturing sector add jobs for the first time since the 1990s." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Happy Fourth of July.
At West Chester University of Pennsylvania, will be appearing live on MSNBC at 5PM ET today for the Chris Matthews Hardball College Tour.
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities.
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country.
Sean from @OFA_PA shares his biggest surprises from the last three years and his strategy for talking to voters:
Just finished a major policy address in Toledo, OH. Read my full "Economic Rescue Plan for the Middle Class" at
President Obama: "Women are not an interest group."
TONIGHT: Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.
"This isn t about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving people who are hurting a win."
Patti volunteers with @OFA because she believes in the Affordable Care Act. Read her story:
"Thank you for the last four years of hope, not fear and hate."
Earlier today in Washington DC, announced the formation of my Senior Working Group on National Security.
Thanks to the #ACA, insurance companies can t deny coverage to up to 17 million kids with pre-existing conditions:
"We've got to do this in a balanced and responsible way." President Obama on fiscal cliff negotiations
Make sure your friends know they don t want any part of this Venn diagram:
Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up:
In New Philadelphia, OH. Holding a discussion on "Women And The Economy" Watch it live at
.@BenLaBolt on why today's @nytimes story on Obama fundraisers misses the forest for the trees:
On #MLKDay, @OFA volunteers will donate their time to serve their communities. Join in:
A beloved member of our campaign family, Alex Okrent, passed away today. Our prayers are with his loved ones. We will miss you, Alex. -bo
Retweet if you agree: Our economy succeeds when #FamiliesSucceed.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the #WHCD.
At Belmont University in Nashville, Tenn. Watch the debate tonight at 9pm ET. Reply with your thoughts after.
At 3:45pm ET, @VP Joe Biden will be answering your questions on college affordability ask yours using #AskVP.
Obama: I applaud Senators Manchin and Toomey for their leadership on forging a bipartisan agreement around common-sense background checks.
President Obama: "We can t grow this economy from the top down. We've got to grow this economy from the middle class out."
Obama: "Tonight, I propose a Fix-It-First program to put people to work as soon as possible on our most urgent repairs." #JobsNow
"This weekend, Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in marking Good Friday and celebrating Easter." President Obama
Don't let time and quality, affordable health insurance pass you by.
For more on #OFASummit, take a look at some of the highlights from today:
This morning, the President s Interfaith and Community Service Campus Challenge kicks off at the White House. Watch live: wh.gov/live
1 in 5 Americans with HIV doesn't know it. Please share this National HIV Testing Day video:
Here's what people are saying about President Obama's debate win:
"If the economy is growing, everybody feels invested." Read the @NYTimes interview with President Obama:
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland:
Watch the weekly address: The President is working to help the middle class. It's time Congress did the same.
"One thing that is undeniable is that changing temperatures influence drought." President Obama #ScienceSaysSo
RT @Samsteelman: Even on a Disney day my friends & I are in! @OFA_NV #Obama2012
As a breast cancer survivor, I will never have to fear losing health care coverage. Lisa, NY
317,954 people who gave to the campaign in August were supporting the Obama organization for the very first time.
Happening now: The President is delivering a statement on Iran.
Last chance: Put your name on @OFA's permanent record of people who helped make health care reform a success.
Your calls can make a difference on Election Day. Take time to reach out to the voters who most need to hear from you.
28 days 'til Election Day, but today's the voter registration deadline in many states. Fill out your form &amp; mail it in:
Heading to Madison, WI, for a special organizing rally with @OFA_WI supporters.
RT @Obama2012 Four great personal stories on how the Affordable Care Act is helping Colorado residents:
I m not gonna cede the wind or solar or battery industry to China or Germany. the President on his commitment to American clean energy
The American economy continues its comeback.
Finish your bracket: It's time for #MarchMadness.
If you're one of the 552,642 people who own a piece of this campaign, let us know why. We'll RT your reasons.
You don't have much time left to get health insurance by January 1st. #GetCovered now:
This is not class warfare. It s math. President Obama, proposing the Buffett Rule today:
Paul Ryan spent last night s debate making empty promises and repeating widely debunked attacks:
LIVE: The President and the First Lady are talking about the importance of expanding college opportunity.
OFA supporters are thanking the senators who made passing today's historic #hcr bill possible. Will you join them?
President Obama talked about reviving American manufacturing at a machinery plant in Iowa today:
Check out the #OFA Health Care Action Center - call Congress, display your support, submit a question and more
FACT: Mitt Romney s plan would raise taxes on 95% of Americans, but cut taxes for the wealthiest.
Take this survey: What's your top priority for @OFA?
This November, you can provide a mandate for the change we need right now. You can move this nation forward. President Obama
At Dartmouth College at the DNC debate. It airs live from 9-11pm ET on MSNBC text your thoughts on the debate to 62262.
Feb. 10, 2007: Senator Obama announces he's running for president.
Obama on Romney: He s hoping that you come down with a case of what we call _ Crowd: Romnesia!
What happens in the classroom matters, and that begins with the person in front of the classroom. President Obama
ICYMI: Yesterday, Republican senators refused to #RenewUI. How long will American families be left out in the cold?
"We've got to keep our economy growing, and we've got to make sure that everyone is sharing in that growth." President Obama
Happy to welcome @HillaryClinton to Twitter. Stay tuned for the real #TweetsFromHillary.
FACT: By age 65, a typical woman will have lost $431,000 over her working lifetime because of the earnings gap. #EqualPay
"Today, we can honor those we lost by building a nation worthy of their memories." President Obama on #PatriotDay
It's not often you get 19 months to change the world:
LIVE: President Obama is at Rhode Island College speaking about how women succeed in today's economy.
President Obama on pulling an all-nighter on this trip: If you're not going to sleep, "you might as well be in Vegas." #AmericaForward
Dynamic duo:
Thousands of Americans have jobs right now because we ve doubled the use of clean energy in this country.
"In my lifetime, this is the most important election we're facing." Fred, #Obama2012's 2 millionth donor:
"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." President Obama
POTUS: "It s time to stop denying citizenship to responsible young people just because they re the children of undocumented immigrants."
President Obama: Shame on us if we've forgotten. I haven t forgotten about those kids. #DemandAction,
If your representative already supports the President's plan, call OFA supporters and ask them to call their reps:
Help bring someone new into this campaign today. Find a National Day of Action event near you:
President Obama s response to today s vote by House Republicans to block the payroll tax cut extension:
Watch live: President Obama speaks about the economy in Washington, D.C.
Everybody say cheese:
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote. _
Time is running out enroll in a new health care plan now to be covered on February 1st:
President Obama: "No matter what happens, I ll fight for you and your families every single day, as hard as I know how. #Forward2012
The President has a birthday next week wish him well in his 51st year:
President Obama: "I look at what we need to get done to keep the American people safe and to move our interests forward." #StrongerWithObama
Judge Garland is just as qualified now as he was in 1997, Senate leaders. It's time to #DoYourJob.
Watch live: President Obama delivers remarks on a settlement with banks for home-foreclosure abuses:
Obama 2012 state leadership report back on how they're putting your donations to work in the states:
From all of us on the campaign, thanks for an amazing 2011 and here's to an even better 2012. #Obama2012
Tomorrow. Are you in?
Go green this Earth Day with an Environmentalists for Obama t-shirt:
Today s reason to give: President Obama is working to make college more affordable.
President Obama pledges to veto the anti-net neutrality legislation pending in the Senate.
If Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place. President Obama #IranDeal
Science fair nightmare: This #climate change denier is the world's most embarrassing dad.
"Millions of Americans who were uninsured now have coverage." President Obama
Pres. Obama: "We can keep insurance companies honest by making a not-for-profit public option available in the insurance exchange." #hc09
We crunched the numbers:
This month, have your voice heard loud and clear. Join #ActionAugust today:
A warm welcome from a fellow ice cream fan in Cedar Rapids yesterday:
Here's to a happy and healthy 2015.
President Obama on the debt ceiling: It does not increase our debt, grow our deficits or allow for a single dime in increased spending.
Scientists agree climate change is man-made and we can do something about it.
"We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." President Obama
"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
President Obama: "I ve cut taxes every year that I've been President by $3,600 for the typical middle-class family.
To 42: Your turn to celebrate, @BillClinton. Happy birthday.
"For reminding us where we come from and showing us where we need to go, we will always be grateful to Pete Seeger." President Obama
Fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs. #PutSolarOnIt
"Has the new law worked? For many, the answer is a resounding yes." More from @AsburyParkPress:
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for women's health, and that's President Obama:
Whether you decide to host a #WomenForObama house party or simply attend, you can still stock up on party supplies:
ICYMI: 57 months of job growth = the longest streak on record. Read more:
Tune in at 4:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration:
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: I am only standing here today, Michelle is only who she is today, because of scholarships and student loans.
FACT: Employment growth in 2014 has been faster in states that raised the minimum wage.
Tell your legislators that construction workers and millions of other Americans can't wait for action on jobs:
Follow along on a trip to Nevada to discuss the economy & a celebration of of the Boy Scouts' 100th anniversary. Watch:
Being outraised means we're being outspent. Here's what that looks like:
Tonight: President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on @ABC:
President Obama: "We've come up with a name for this condition. It s called #Romnesia."
Obama: "Make sure your voice is heard. Let your leaders know what you expect of them. Let them know what you believe." #JobsOverCuts
Here's what folks said they could do with an extra $1,500 from the President's middle-class tax cut:
Climate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to #ActOnClimate. Let's keep it up.
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing.
Tell House members: take the lead on #immigration reform and fix our broken system.
"Affordable health care is not some privilege just for the few, it's a basic right everybody should be able to enjoy." President Obama
"Citizenship means standing up for everyone s right to vote." President Obama #SOTU
This is huge: The Illinois House just passed marriage equality. #LoveIsLove
Jeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed he d be because of health care reform. Read more:
Congress has 4 days to prevent student loan rates from doubling for 7.4 million students. Tell them #DontDoubleMyRate:
The Senate should fairly consider a #SCOTUS nominee sign the petition if you agree:
Closing background check loopholes will save lives and it's time for Congress to act. #DemandAction,
22,000 households making more than $1 million paid less than 15% in taxes in 2009 less than most middle-class families. #BuffettRule
President Obama: We ve got to keep the heat on Congress until this gets done. I need your help to do it. #DontDoubleMyRate
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: In Lorain County, 90 percent of people who graduate from this program have a job three months later.
I wanted to personally extend my condolences to the people of Norway. President Obama
Thanks to President Obama, health care is more affordable and accessible. How has the #ACA helped you and your family?
President Obama: "I think Governor Romney hasn't spent enough time looking at how our military works." #StrongerWithObama
Honoring the Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients with the First Lady at 1:30pm ET.
This is what #WhatRepealMeans and why we can't go back.
A trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to #ActOnClimate. Enter now:
Congress has 42 days before its summer recess to act on jobs. Tell them we can t afford for them to do nothing:
A good reason to look into your health insurance options: You might get financial assistance.
Romney Economics: fewer teachers, fewer firefighters, fewer police officers.
"The bottom line is this: We ve come a long way these past five and a half years." President Obama
Secretary Sebelius challenges big insurance companies to quit spending your money fighting against #HCR:
Grassroots organizing: This is worth investing in.
LIVE: President Obama calls on Congress to pass common-sense immigration reform.
Yesterday, the State Department denied the permit to build the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Stand by that decision:
In Jacksonville, FL. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
8 ways to follow the White House: @whitehouse, @lacasablanca, @PressSec, @billburton44, @petesouza, @macon44, @whitehouseostp, @OpenGov #FF
More than 222,000 seniors saved an average of $837 on prescription drugs in the first few months of 2012:
Tuesday:
We must take bold steps now climate change is already impacting millions of people.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about ending oil subsidies.
Today's your last chance to throw your name in the hat to meet the President and George Clooney. We'll pay for airfare:
After Monday's #SCOTUS ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling.
#FF @HHSGov, who launched CuidadoDeSalud.gov, the first website of its kind in Spanish to help consumers take control of their health care.
We will decide this election. Pitch in $5 or more now, when it matters the most:
Watch live: President Obama speaks from the briefing room.
First of all, this bill will keep thousands of construction workers on the job rebuilding America s infrastructure.
Tonight s the night tune in to watch the live premiere of The Road We ve Traveled at 8pm ET:
President Obama on the plans he laid out on Tuesday to create an America built to last:
Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Tell Congress to act:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about the choice we face this fall.
Excellent signage spotted in Denver, CO:
Obama: "Third, my plan will make it a national mission to educate our kids and train our workers better than anyone else in the world."
FACT: The President s plan will help recruit 100,000 math and science teachers and train 2 million Americans at our community colleges.
Get the ball rolling commit to vote today:
"Every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008." President Obama
"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." @VP
RT @GabiDomenzain: Have you been to
POTUS: "No matter who you are or where you come from or what you look like, America is a place where you can make it if you try."
Another great assist from Magic: MT @MagicJohnson: Don't forget that open enrollment for Obamacare officially starts on October 1st.
Nevada Republican rep on Twitter: @repjoeheck (NV-3) #compromise
You could talk about anything even compare jump shots. Enter now:
Obama: "Emergency responders like the ones here their ability to help communities respond to and recover from disasters will be degraded."
"It s up to you to show the pundits that you care too much about this country to let it fall backward."
Rally day in Columbus, Ohio: Forward.
President Obama calls on Congress to put aside partisan differences and act on steps to get our nation back to work:
One more Missouri rep: Folks in MO-07 should tweet Billy Long at @auctnr1
The uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to #Obamacare. Spread the word. _
RT @OFA_LA: .@questlove on @BarackObama: He needs eight years to finish the mission, and we need to have his back.
I applaud the House for passing, with bipartisan support, the #DADT Repeal Act of 2010.
"If we keep taking bold steps ... I m confident America will continue to lead the world into that next frontier of human understanding."
"That's when America soars when we look out for one another." President Obama #ACAWorks
As we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve:
Tomorrow, the President lays out a blueprint for an economy that works for everyone. Where are you watching?
I ve seen that Gulf Coast communities are determined to fight through this disaster and we will fight alongside them.
There are a lot of plans out there. Check your options and lock in the one that's best for you:
Enter the #RunwayToWin challenge for a chance to have your work alongside designers like @marcjacobs and @Tracy_Reese:
The President will deliver remarks on new auto emission and efficiency standards at 12:15 ET. Watch the live stream:
As we mark the end of America s combat mission in Iraq, a grateful nation pays tribute to all who have served there.
This generation of Americans has been tested by crises that steeled our resolve and proved our resilience. President Obama
Georgia Republican reps on Twitter: @RepTomGraves (GA-09), @RepPaulBrounMD (GA-10), @repphilgingrey (GA-11)
"Americans are tired of gridlock. We're ready to move forward." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
We shouldn t just give our people a government that s more affordable. We should give them a gov't that s more competent & efficient. #SOTU
Phony arguments and bad habits can't be allowed to lead to another meltdown. We need real financial reform:
Chip in and be part of a movement organizing for change:
#FF @healthcaregov, @HHSGov, @RecoveryDotGov
RT @MichelleObama: First Lady Michelle Obama chatting with customers at Nacho's restaurant in Pueblo, Colorado today:
Invitations to the @WhiteHouse bipartisan meeting on health reform have been delivered:
President Obama: "I need you fired up, I need you ready to go vote. Because we've got some work to do. We've got an election to win."
"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL
President Obama had student loans, too:
"If everyone who fought so hard for change in 2008 shows up to vote in 2010, I am absolutely confident that we will win."
About to begin the bipartisan meeting on health reform. Watch live at
"Inspire us. Lead us. Be the Americans that we need you to be." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
The President winds up sticking around, gives amazing speech about hard work. Casino staff start spontaneous chant of "four more years."
Stand with the President if you agree with his decision to lift the shadow of deportation from innocent young kids:
This country was not built on top-down economics. This country was built from the middle class out. President Obama
RT @TruthTeam2012: Video: Republicans share the facts about Romney's record in Massachusetts.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America.
From this family to yours, happy Thanksgiving.
Day four of the #TeaPartyShutdown. @SpeakerBoehner, stop letting extremists threaten our economy.
"A 25-year veteran of the CIA, John [Brennan] knows what our national security demands." President Obama
Tune in at 4:05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the @NAACP's National Convention:
Tune in at 11:15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the @WhiteHouse Conference on Aging:
"Many of the demands the Republicans are making would increase the deficit." President Obama on the #shutdown
"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." President Obama #ActOnClimate #SOTU
Spike had reservations about Obamacare until it helped her get health insurance when she needed it most:
Mr. Speaker, the President of the United States:
"I know it's within our reach. Believe it." President Obama #SOTU #OpportunityForAll
16 days until Congress leaves for summer recess it s time for them to act on jobs:
"Our success has never just been about survival of the fittest. It s about building a nation where we re all better off."
President Obama will be bringing Michelle Obama as his guest for #DinnerWithBarack. Enter today to join them:
Having these tall, beautiful, strong-willed girls in my house never allows me to underestimate women.
President Obama explained his plans for a second term in Tampa this morning. Take a look:
President Obama's moving us forward, while Romney would take us back to the failed policies that crashed our economy:
President Obama: "#NowIsTheTime for action. We re not going to wait for the next Newtown, or the next Aurora.
It s up to you whether we go back to a health care system that lets insurance companies decide who to cover and when. President Obama
FACT: Congressional inaction means $168 million could be cut from mental health services and substance abuse programs. #JobsNotCuts
Millions could lose their health care as they know it if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. Spread the word:
Use #GOPDebate and #Scoreboard to call out the Republicans' backtracks or particularly quotable moments.
Too young to vote, old enough to volunteer.
This West Wing Week: marking Domestic Violence Awareness Month with Vice President Biden and visiting The Daily Show.
Don't miss this:
Costs of the #sequester continue to mount: more than 18,000 pre-K employees will be laid off.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @KUNews about middle-class economics. Tune in:
Watch @VP Biden on @LateNightSeth's debut show tonight.
.@VP Biden was in Iowa yesterday talking about the comeback of American manufacturing. Check out the photos:
What would you ask the President over dinner? Time is running out to take the last seat at the next #DinnerWithBarack:
The dreams of all our daughters are at stake _ and they re counting on us to fight for them.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on impending budget cuts.
Cecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here:
We are headed in the right direction. The last thing we should do is go back to the ideas that got us into this mess.
Send your best wishes for President Obama's birthday:
The payroll tax cut would give more than 113 million Americans an extra $1,500 paid for by a 3.25% surcharge on income over $1 million.
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." President Obama #GoodFriday
RT @AttackWatch See a new attack on the President or his record? Use #attackwatch to report it and discuss attacks as they happen.
WATCH: President Obama and @VP Biden are delivering remarks to the @NatlGovsAssoc. Tune in:
Retweet if you believe #LoveIsLove.
"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL
More on the relief for homeowners that President Obama announced today:
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years.
Watch the President speak about ending the #shutdown, avoiding default, and getting back to business:
"It s still about ordinary people who believe that in the face of the greatest odds, we can make a difference in the life of this country."
New York Times: Romney and Ryan are tying themselves up in knots with contradictory statements about Medicare.
Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help #StopGunViolence.
97 days until Election Day make 5 calls with the online call tool now:
Asking everyone to give to the Red Cross: give $5 by texting GIVE to 24357 or by calling 1-800-435-7669 or at
Worth a RT: President Obama s plan to keep us moving forward.
President Obama on the payroll tax cut: For the typical American family, it s a big deal. It means $40 extra in every paycheck.
President Obama: "Four years ago, I told you we d end the war in Iraq. We did." #PromiseKept
Why this compromise is the right thing to do:
It s go time. RT if you ve got the President s back in tonight s debate:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement.
President Obama: The most important thing we can do is make sure that we re creating jobs in this country. Not just jobs good paying jobs.
Let s put aside partisanship and work together for small businesses, employees, and the communities that depend on them.
By the numbers: Why President Obama is fighting to extend middle class tax cuts.
The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy:
The simplest thing you can do before the November elections is also one of the most effective: calling voters from home
If you're fired up, if you've got Barack Obama's back, then own a piece of this campaign. Pitch in now:
This year, nearly 6 million students and graduates will be able to consolidate their student loans and lower their interest rates. #progress
President Obama: "Governor Romney was fact-checked by his own campaign. That's rough."
"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." President Obama
He's ready to help, while Mitt Romney can't even understand. President Obama is the clear choice he's for all people.
"What the world saw yesterday in the aftermath of the explosions were stories of heroism &amp; kindness, generosity &amp; love." President Obama
Speaking directly to supporters about the tax-cut compromise in a 6pm ET conference call. Listen live online:
Tonight, Senate Republicans voted to raise taxes on millions of working Americans:
Michael knows that being uninsured is risky no matter where you are in life.
Quality, affordable child care options are limited for mothers and #WorkingFamilies. This must change:
Read how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States:
Help lay the groundwork for November host a watch party for the President's State of the Union on Jan. 24th:
Check out @TheDemocrats new website for the latest on what s at stake in this election:
President Obama: If we rally around a new economic patriotism together if we reclaim our values we will rebuild this economy.
President Obama: Obamacare has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and cancer screenings with no co-pay, no deductible.
Being President of the United States of America means you're President for everybody.
In Portland, ME today to talk about how health reform will help small businesses. Listen live at 3:25pm ET
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination. #LoveIsLove
President Obama: "Right now, few areas hold more promise for creating good jobs and growing our economy than how we use American energy."
Following Saturday's successful national Day of Action, the next step is house meetings on August 3rd. Can you host one?
It's time @SpeakerBoehner ended this shutdown. Tell him to #JustVote:
Before Barack Obama accepts his second nomination for president, take a look back at the path that brought him here:
Working families deserve paid leave. #LeadOnLeave
Health reform still a BFD, and now it s on a t-shirt:
Say you're ready to #WalkTheWalk on climate change.
In Iowa and heading to DSM Register debate, the last one before the Iowa Caucuses. Watch at 2pm ET on CNN, C-SPAN3 &
Mitt Romney wants students to shop around.
Read @ShaunOMB's op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate change:
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
POTUS singing Al Green, now on your phone:
A little over 48 hours, 50,000 people, and $2 million dollars: amazing.
President Obama will speak about expanding access to wireless technology for students at 11:30 a.m. ET:
"No one is losing their right to health coverage ... That's the truth." President Obama
Thank you, OH, IL, VA, FL, CA, NV, CO, and IA. These last 48 hours have me feeling ready to go for the next 11 days. Are you with me? -bo
This week, someone will become the 2 millionth person to own a piece of this campaign. Pitch in $3 and it could be you:
President Obama and most Americans agree it s time for Congress to pass the #BuffettRule:
Six months ago today, 26 families in Newtown were torn apart by gun violence and Congress has done nothing. Shame on us if we've forgotten.
It's the final week of #NationalIceCreamMonth better take advantage.
Our tax code lets millionaires pay a lower rate than the middle class. Find out how the #BuffettRule would fix that:
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support:
Something you can do today: Follow Barack Obama on Instagram to see photos from the trail.
ICYMI: MT @fast4families: @BarackObama &amp; the fasters: "It's not a matter of if, but when" #Fast4Families
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it:
Good news: More insurers are offering health plans on the marketplace, meaning more choices for consumers.
Love is winning:
Today we celebrate the hard-working folks across America who show time and again there's nothing this country can't do. Happy Labor Day.
RT @Joey_Hudy: @BarackObama My #RoadTraveled has been Amazing! It was fun meeting you.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all Americans:
Today, take a second and like Barack Obama on Facebook:
"I support the right of all Americans to marry the person they love." Senator @LisaMurkowski
About to address the Democratic Party Winter Meeting. You can watch online here:
The U.S.A. swim program has a lot of reasons to be proud this week here are a few more:
America needs to lead the way and #ActOnClimate.
RT so your friends know what s at stake on choice in this election:
Read how #Obamacare is a major reason why we ve seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths:
Romney-Ryan: The Go Back team with the same top-down economic ideas that crashed our economy.
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Today is the National Day of Action to reduce gun violence. Use #WeDemandAVote to share why now is the time for Congress to act.
WATCH: President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.
FACT: Even as he gives more tax cuts for the wealthiest, Paul Ryan would cut clean energy investments by 19 percent.
Retweet if you think these 28 million Americans deserve a raise. #OpportunityForAll
"If, like me, you want this time to be different, then I need your help to make it different." President Obama
FACT: President Obama's #ImmigrationAction will boost the U.S. GDP by tens of billions of dollars.
"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." President Obama
Stretch it out and get ready the fundraising deadline is tonight.
Only a few days left to be covered on Jan. 1st. Get affordable health insurance apply by #Dec23:
For millions of Americans, #Obamacare means rebates from the insurance company.
33 days left in this campaign, but voter registration deadlines are right around the corner. Register here now:
Nothing says "I love you" like helping someone #GetCovered:
Lining up for tonight s Greater Together student summit with @Messina2012 and @OFA_NC #HBCU2012
"I'm only standing here today because my education gave me a chance." President Obama #ConnectEd
#FF Federal government agencies: @USDAgov, @EPAresearch, @usaid_info, @USInteriorNews, and @SEC_News
Multimillionaires like Mitt Romney shouldn t pay a lower tax rate than middle-class families:
"If any agreement undercuts working families I wouldn t sign it." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Get to know the woman the President calls the best mom in the world First Lady @MichelleObama:
RT @PPact: Excited to announce our endorsement of President @BarackObama for re-election!
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: "We must continue believing in a future. To stare into the abyss, to face the darkness and say, 'there is a future.'"
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Dinner with Michael Jordan and President Obama make it happen:
It's time for Congress to listen to Tom &amp; other fathers who have lost their children to gun violence. #WhatWillItTake
"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." @VP Joe Biden
Why do you want to meet the President? Here's your chance, make sure to enter before Sunday, June 30:
"We need to meet the moment. We've got to up our game. We need to remember that we can only do that together." President Obama
Spread the word: December 23rd is the deadline to be covered by the new year.
President Obama visits Raleigh today to speak about the American Jobs Act. Watch live:
President Obama: "We've been from the east coast to the west coast, and now we're going back east again." #AmericaForward
This is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. Congrats to the @OFA volunteers who are fighting to #RaiseTheWage.
Here's one important way to get involved with @OFA:
"The question is whether hope once again overcomes fear. The other side is trying to ride fear all the way to the ballot box on November 2."
The countdown is on 200 days to pull out all the stops and re-elect this President. Be a part of it:
U.S. oil production is up just one part of the President s all-of-the-above approach:
Commit to vote, then use our handy new Facebook app to remind your friends and family to do the same:
So long as I have the privilege of serving as your President, I'll never stop fighting for you on #HCR and so much more.
Retweet to spread the word about #Dec23 the deadline to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on Aging.
Hold your signs high:
Add your name if you believe in building economic #OpportunityForAll:
For #FollowFriday #ff: @WhiteHouse and @DemocratsDotOrg
My favorite moment: Traveling to Florida from California to get out the vote. We did it! Catherine, CA
Thanks to President Obama, the @CFPB is working to make college costs easier to understand:
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama highlights the country's economic progress.
If one of the 400 wealthiest taxpayers paid a fair share, more than 49,500 seniors could save on prescription drug costs. #BuffettRule
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment.
"It's time for ten-ten. It's time to give America a raise." President Obama #RaiseTheWage to $10.10
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garland help put the pressure on:
It's time to put people back to work. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
It's time for Congress to take action to protect our communities and our children. Add your voice:
Get shopping.
If you're thinking about having a #Healthy2015, make sure you #GetCovered:
President Obama: I still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform.
Campaigning in Pennsylvania. Spoke at the Siemans Hydro Power Plant in York, PA Watch it at:
President Obama: "Hello, Iowa! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?"
"We will support policies that lead to strong and stable democracies and open markets, because tyranny is no match for liberty."
We need to move forward, not back. Pitch in $5 or more now to support President Obama:
President Obama: "Let me be absolutely clear: like most Americans, I believe the 2nd Amendment guarantees an individual right to bear arms."
"Let us pause and give thanks for the fact that Nelson Mandela lived." President Obama
Here s to two years of better health care for millions of families. Stand with the President and say #ILikeObamacare:
Tomorrow President Obama will speak on "creating and building a rising, thriving, active, growing middle class" More:
Follow @Obama2012 today for updates and pictures from on the ground at President Obama's grassroots event in Cincinnati.
"Sooner or later, we are going to get this right. The memories of these children demand it. And so do the American people." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students.
Congratulations @SenChrisDodd, @SenatorReid and Sen. Baucus for your hard work towards health reform with a public option.
"As long as I m President, we're not going to let Washington politicians sacrifice your education for a tax cut we can t afford."
Karlene, a recent college grad, hopes that student loan reforms will make things easier on her and her family:
FACT: 92% of Americans including 74% of NRA members support universal background checks. #DemandAction,
Strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our economy.
Let's get it done. Host or attend a "Health Insurance Reform Now" event this week:
RT if you agree: Congress should close background check loopholes to help keep guns out of dangerous hands.
As hurricane season begins, @SEEC is highlighting the #costsofclimate. How much does inaction cost you? Go here:
RT @OFA_NV: "Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." #MLK2012
Good news: Enrollment in the new marketplace keeps growing in New York.
A future president in the crowd in West Palm Beach yesterday.
We've launched a new way to track and respond to attacks against President Obama: #AttackWatch. Check it out:
We need to lead this fight. #ActOnClimate
If you're on #TeamObama tonight, show it with just a couple clicks:
Health care reform brought access to affordable care to millions. Repealers want to take that away. #WhatRepealMeans
FACT: President Obama has signed 18 tax cuts that are helping small businesses grow and create jobs. #progress
"Senators of both parties are working together on tough new laws to prevent anyone from buying guns for resale to criminals." #NowIsTheTime
If you agree that the health insurance system is not working for ordinary families, help us fix it help pass #HCR today.
"I believe America only succeeds and thrives when we've got a strong and growing middle class." President Obama
President Obama: "So I ll promise you this: as long as you ve got an ounce of fight left in you, I ll have a ton of fight left in me."
Now's your chance to get covered. The health care marketplace is now open again for all Americans:
President Obama will speak to @OFA supporters tonight. Join the call:
RT this image so your friends see today s good news about young adults and the #ACA.
Share what today s ruling means to you:
POTUS: I m running to make sure that taxes aren t raised a dime on your family s first $250,000 of income. That's the path forward."
Check out the offers on this marketplace today:
Another GOP debate down many, many more to go. How'd you do on our scoreboard?
In Atlanta, GA. Discussing economic security for American families. Watch it live at
If you agree, stand with the candidate in this race who cut taxes for small businesses 18 times:
This position is pulling out just about everything I ve learned in my life.
For Holly, the relief of knowing she's covered is priceless:
"Thank you for your unrelenting and tireless efforts to preserve and enrich that which is good about this country."
DEADLINE: Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016.
"While Congress decides what it s going to do, I ll keep doing what I can on my own." President Obama
Stand up for clean air:
Read what the President is doing to protect communities from the impacts of climate change:
Watch live: President Obama honors the six-time Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins.
Congress should act on creating the Veterans Job Corps to put veterans to work using skills developed in the armed forces. #CongressToDoList
ICYMI: President Obama presented a copy of the Ledbetter Fair Pay Act at the historic Seneca Falls site.
Show off your grassroots organizing pride:
Video: Climate deniers in Congress saying ridiculous things:
Sign this petition: It's time to raise the minimum wage.
Thank you to all the men and women who have served in Iraq. Your dedication, bravery and courage have made America safer.
Join @D_Simas and @MarlonDMarshall for an inside look at the campaign's ground game. Starting now:
Next stop on the #MakeCollegeAffordable tour: Binghamton University. Watch now:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the first-ever White House Maker Faire. Watch here:
LIVE: The President answers questions from students and faculty at Ivy Tech Community College in Indianapolis.
America is just days away from an economic shutdown if Congress doesn't do its job. #EndThisNow
RT @alebasel @BarackObama this amount will help me to continue to help my daughters with their college education.
Watch live: The President speaks in Arlington, VA, about the economy.
RT @richardafowler New Hampshire Fact: @BarackObama with has more campaign offices in NH than all the #GOP field combined! #firedupreadytogo
If you missed it yesterday, here's President Obama's pre-game interview with Matt Lauer:
I ask Senate Republicans to drop their blockade of a jobs bill that would cut taxes and make more loans available for small businesses.
RT if you agree: Cutting hundreds of workers without severance while walking away with millions is just plain wrong. #RomneyEconomics
President Obama on his mother: "She was the single most important influence on my life."
Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one organizer s story about the fight for women s rights:
If you pitched in $5 or $10, it helped. 97.77% of donations in August were $250 or less, for an average of $58.31.
We're rolling up our sleeves again, back where it all started. Join us at
Stand with President Obama tell Congress not to double interest rates on student loans:
"Should this sequester continue, I will not be able to remain financially solvent." Susan D.
This West Wing Week: focusing on jobs and the economy at the State of the Union.
"What we should do right now is give middle-class families and small business owners a guarantee that their taxes won't go up next year."
Show your support for #Obama2012 with our new t-shirt:
An economic shutdown could cripple America's recovery. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
ICYMI: Listen to what President Obama said to @OFA supporters on a call about steps forward to #StopGunViolence.
Read President Obama's op-ed in the @MiamiHerald on why we can't wait to #ActOnClimate:
Each time we gather to inaugurate a president, we bear witness to the enduring strength of our Constitution. President Obama
In these final days before a vote on health reform, now is the most important time to make your voice heard:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about the choice we face this fall forward or back.
The top 10 economies that would benefit from Mitt Romney s jobs plan (none of them are the United States):
Romney s tax plan would either raise middle-class taxes or explode the deficit it s one or the other:
First look: The trailer for "The Road We've Traveled" the latest from Academy Award-winning director Davis Guggenheim.
Get the President s back on the Buffett Rule:
"I hope Congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." President Obama #Cybersecurity
RT @jimhowes: Hustling hard at Bowling Green State University #Votereg11
We asked small business owners to write in about why they support President Obama here are just a few of their responses.
In Chester, PA. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
At Google's Town Hall in Mountain View,CA Speaking about the need for network neutrality!
"I need you to help me convince the people you sent to Washington that it is time to pass this jobs bill and get America working again."
Mitt Romney's running on his record as a businessman. Here's what that looks like.
President Obama on deficit reduction: "If we re serious, we ve got to take a balanced, responsible approach."
Messina: Though the GOP race going forward isn't clear, we know the Tea Party scored a victory. All the candidates have embraced its agenda.
Video: Vice President Biden puts the health reform debate into common-sense terms
"Protecting working Americans paychecks shouldn t be a partisan issue." President Obama
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
POTUS: "If there s one thing that we learned in 2008, it s that nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for change."
New York Republican reps on Twitter: @reprichardhanna (NY-24), @repbuerkle (NY-25), @reptomreed (NY-29).
Immigration reform would add more than 3.2 million new jobs and strengthen Social Security.
Being a vet is "like being a jack of all trades," says Alicia, an Iraq veteran with a degree in psychology.
Watch the new @OFA ad about the President's plan for our economy:
Add your name to support Obama's balanced plan to reduce the deficit and protect vital services:
FACT: The House GOP would cut taxes for millionaires and reduce the deficit by raising taxes on middle-class families by more than $2,000.
This Texan can now tell people "for the first time I'm going to the doctor." Read his story:
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990s but there's more work to do.
Refusing to consider a #SCOTUS nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible. #DoYourJob
"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right. President Obama #IranDeal
I m gonna need you fired up. I m gonna need you ready to go. The President, First Lady &amp; VP on the road to Nov. 6th:

Pick out your favorite bumper sticker and we ll send it to you for free it s that easy:
We ve got our eye on November's matchup, but there s only one game on American minds this weekend. Make your pick:
The average firefighter making $45,000 a year with a stay-at-home spouse and two kids. #WrittenOffByRomney
We need to fight millions of dollars of special-interest ads with millions of voices. Help call voters tonight:
"He walks the walk and talks the talk when it comes to supporting veterans."
RT @OFA_OK: We're fired up and ready to go in Oklahoma! The view from I-75 in Dewey:
Get the facts about the debt agreement straight from President Obama. Watch, then pass it on:
Tune in at 6:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all Americans:
Good news: The number of uninsured children in America is on the decline. Read more:
Open enrollment is back:
Gale is tired of working two jobs and not being able to make ends meet:
Everyday Americans try to make sense of Mitt Romney's Bain Capital explanations:
An economic shutdown would be bad news for America's recovery. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
While climate change deniers in Congress are stalling, you can act:
"Semper Fi." President Obama to U.S. Marines at Camp Pendleton
FACT: By repealing Obamacare, Romney would allow insurance companies to continue charging women more than men for the same coverage.
Hey Coloradans here s why you should caucus for President Obama on Tuesday:
Why won't Mitt Romney release more than a year of his tax returns?
We will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully.
The health care marketplace is open for business check out your options today:
In these last 25 days, it's good to know we've got each other's backs. What do you say?
The campaign raised more than $71 million across committees in June. Thanks to everyone who chipped in.
Three years ago today, we made history. Say you'll organize to help do it again a year from now:
This is a major reform. This is what change looks like.
President Obama is answering your questions in a #Reddit AMA, starting right now:
"Nothing can dim the light which shines from within." Maya Angelou
Read about President Obama s plan to keep growing the economy and creating jobs through travel and tourism:
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance:
Federal spending, taxes, and the annual budget deficit are all lower now than when President Obama first took office:
What did you think of the President's speech?
RT if you re on #TeamJoe:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice we face on the economy this November:
Don t sit on the sidelines with eight days until the elections, take time to call voters tonight.
"Officials: Slower health spending growth may boost jobs." More from @USATODAY:
Mitt Romney owes Americans the truth. It s that simple.
In Davenport, IA. Holding a "One Nation" town hall. Watch it live at
Since I took office, America s dependence on foreign oil has gone down every single year. President Obama
"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in America." President Obama
We cannot allow the corporate takeover of our democracy. We re going to continue to fight for reform and transparency.
RT if you re ready to cheer on President Obama in tonight s debate. #StrongerWithObama
The Recovery Act is creating jobs over 650k so far, according to data published today. Learn more:
FACT: Romney s buyout firm owned a company that cut jobs in the U.S. and expanded overseas in China, Singapore, and other countries.
Join the @MarchForInnov -- tell Congress #ImmigrationReform will support innovation and create jobs:
On the anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, we renew our commitment to closing the pay gap that women in the workplace face.
RT @petesouza: Poignant photo of the President sitting on the famed Rosa Parks bus:
"We know what change looks like. And what Governor Romney's offering ain't it." President Obama in Wisconsin
Of the people who gave this quarter, 257,635 people were entirely new to this movement.
Happy Birthday, @HillaryClinton.
President Obama: You know that I ll fight for you and your families every single day, as hard as I know how.
December 23rd is just around the corner. Find out why that's important:
Speaking about today's monthly job numbers report, the best in four years, at 11am ET. Watch live:
"I am lucky I survived that day. Some of my classmates were not as lucky. This needs to stop."
"Let s give our workers and our businesses the support they need to grow and thrive."
Worth sharing with the women in your life:
President Obama: "Let s set up an Energy Security Trust that helps us free our families and businesses from painful spikes in gas prices."
Only 50 days to make sure we keep moving forward:
Renewing the executive order to improve education for Latino students. Watch live at 1:50pm ET.
Read letters to Mitt Romney about why laying off teachers isn't the way to grow our economy then share your own:
Thanks to #Obamacare, women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs.
RT if you agree: Women can t afford for Mitt Romney to take us back to the 1950s on women s health care choices.
All bluster &amp; no specific plans: Here are the foreign policy questions Romney needs to answer tonight.
If you support comprehensive #immigration reform, now is the time to speak up:
"Nearly 3 in 4 Americans about half of all Republicans support raising the minimum wage." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
Take note: @Obamacare is here to stay.
Your voice matters in this: Add your name today if you #StandWithWomen.
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.
Tuesday is also the day that a group of far-right Republicans in Congress might choose to shut down the government.
Bye, Iowa. Next stop: Denver.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress:
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the #DallasMemorial service yesterday.
Why did Romney invest millions in the Cayman Islands?
Good news: Health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in 50 years. More from @voxdotcom:
Great news-- pharmaceuticals agree to reduce the price of prescription drugs for millions of America s seniors.
Support the progress the @EPA is making in cleaning our dirty power plants:
Each time we ve made epic change, it's come from the grassroots rallying around a cause. That's what we need again.
Tomorrow, the Senate votes on the American Jobs Act make sure your Republican legislator knows you support it:
Attending the annual White House Easter Egg roll on the South Lawn. Watch live all morning at WhiteHouse.gov/live.
RT @Obama2012: I ve told you where I stand. Now it s time for members of Congress to do the same. President Obama on the #BuffettRule
It s not too late to make plans to vote tomorrow sign up for an Election Day reminder now.
"Tomorrow, the Senate has the chance to start making this right by passing a bill called the Paycheck Fairness Act." Obama on #EqualPay
Gov. Romney and his allies in Congress, they've banked on this idea that if you re in America, you re on your own. That s not who we are.
In Richmond, VA. At a "Change We Need" rally at the Richmond Coliseum. Watch it live at
Obama: "I want to make sure we've got the best education system in the world, and we re retaining our workers for the jobs of tomorrow."
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about preventing interest rates on student loans from doubling.
"No one should face violence or discrimination no matter who they are or whom they love." President Obama #IDAHOT
Listen live: President Obama speaks at the AIPAC Policy Conference.
"If there's just one thing we can do to keep one father from having to bury his child isn't that worth fighting for?" President Obama in CT
Tell Congress: #NowIsTheTime to close background check loopholes for gun sales.
Add your name:
See who's joining the #immigration reform Dream Team:
Molly wants to wish a Happy Mother's Day to her mom Robyn, otherwise known as @LibraryRedBird.
Congress cannot leave job seekers #OutInTheCold. Tell them to extend unemployment insurance now:
Volunteers for @OFA are tireless. Check out last week's action for #immigration reform:
Alice in CO's birthday message for the President: "Thank you for taking on truly what must be the most difficult job in the world." #bo50
This is too big to miss out join the millions of Americans who have already gotten covered:
"This ruling is a victory for America." President Obama #LoveWins
Michael, an Iraq veteran, helps connect other returning servicemembers with careers they love.
This week, President Obama went on a three-day White House rural bus tour across the Midwest:
Obama's plan grows the economy by investing in manufacturing, infrastructure, clean energy, and education w/o raising the deficit. #JobsNow
"I want to put more people back to work rebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" President Obama
Watch: President Obama has a special message for you.
"Today we're announcing the next two advanced manufacturing hubs." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"You know before you owe." President Obama on new mortgage application forms being designed by the @CFPB
Share a story about how a teacher, firefighter, or police officer has helped you or your family:
Congrats, @NHLBlackhawks. Thanks for bringing the Stanley Cup back to Chicago.
RT if you agree: Nobody who works full-time should have to live in poverty. It's time to raise the minimum wage to $9 an hour. #LivingWage
Exercise and health insurance: Two ways to have a #Healthy2015.
FACT: $100 a month for health care is now a realistic price for nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans.
"Right now, Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary."
"These holy days afford us the precious opportunity to slow down &amp; spend some quiet moments in prayer &amp; reflection."
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Christmas is around the corner time to #GetTalking with your family:
There's one fewer climate change denier in Congress:
The #RealRomney education plan? Shop around:
Countdown to the weekend of action: two days to go, and @OFA_VA has its clipboards ready.
About to sign comprehensive health insurance reform into law. Watch live at 11:15 a.m. ET
Better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymore it's actually happening.
"Your law was the model for the nation's law." President Obama on health care in Massachusetts
"When women succeed, America succeeds." President Obama #EqualPayNow
Tonight the President will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. #ImmigrationAction
"We don't want a race to the bottom. We want a race to the top." President Obama
Congress needs to #StandWithOurFuture and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Show your support:
President Obama kicks off a two-day bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania today:
President Obama: We believe in a democracy where everybody s voice is heard, where you can t just buy an election.
Tune in at 12:50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge.
President Obama: "I will be the first president in modern history to be outspent in his re-election campaign."
FACT: U.S. businesses have added more than 6.1 million jobs in the last 35 months. #JobsNow,
"Nothing keeps a child out of trouble like a father who plays an active role in his child's life." President Obama #MyBrothersKeeper
Discussing our strategy to lead the world in college graduation rates & ensure grads are career-ready. Watch at 3 pm ET.
History was made today when Sonia Sotomayor took the judicial oath and joined the Supreme Court. Congratulations, Justice.
Share your story why can t the veterans in your life wait for action from Congress on jobs? #VeteransCantWait
I get to keep my house, I won t go bankrupt, my kids are going to go to college, and I m going to live.
President Obama: "Four years ago, I told the American people I would cut taxes for middle-class people, and I did."
"While reducing gun violence is a complicated challenge, protecting our children from harm shouldn t be a divisive one." President Obama
You should join us for our day of action this Saturday it s a great opportunity to help grow this campaign.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about the success of the Affordable Care Act.
The security of affordable health care might make you dance:
RT @OFA_FL: El Presidente Obama apoya completamente a la Ley DREAM, y luchar hasta que se apruebe.
Get 5 donations on your grassroots fundraising page, and your mom could get a Mother s Day shout-out:
FACT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales are made by private sellers who aren't required to conduct a background check.
Watch President Obama speak from San Francisco at 11:35 a.m. PST about the importance of passing #immigration reform:
Watch live: President Obama announces new efforts to enforce our trade rights with China.
DYK: Rural America pays more for health care than the rest of the country. Here's how #Obamacare can help:
Download and display this sign if you're one of the 92% of Americans who support background checks for all gun sales:
Add your name to let the Senate know: The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics.
Add your name if you agree that Congress should extend tax cuts for middle-class families now:
Momentum grows as Republican members of Congress endorse pathway to citizenship in #ActionAugust:
Immigration reform for our families, for our nation. Take a stand:
"I have to thank Obamacare for saving my life." Read these five stories about why people are getting covered:
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.
President Obama is working with leaders of both parties to reduce the deficit in a balanced way. Get the facts:
Hey Congress ---&gt; Universal background checks are as popular as apple pie and it's time to get it done:
Juanita, a teacher, tells President Obama what she's seeing in public schools:
LIVE: The President is speaking about improving economic opportunity for women and working families.
RT @JamesDusenberry: @OFA_NV women supporters packed the office on int'l women's day to make calls for #obama2012!
In 2014, we need our lawmakers to take #climate change seriously. Support an organization holding them accountable:
Here's what happened when 35 passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact:
Mitt Romney's economic plan: cut jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers.
In the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit American workers and businesses:
This is important: It's time to give 28 million workers a raise.
RT this link to make sure Romney won't fool anyone you know with his cynical attempt to hide his real positions:
President Obama, fired up.
The decision to shut down the government is hurting local economies all across the country:
Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality. #LoveWins
Florida voters:Tweet @SenRubioPress and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution
Addressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economy it's good for our health:
President Obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment:
"A high school student doing his job he was murdered senselessly by a man with a criminal record and a gun." Michelle M. #TheyDeserveAVote
Change will come from Americans organizing across the nation -not from the highest-paid lobbyists on K Street:
RT if you agree: "If you are a citizen, you shouldn t have to wait years before your family is able to join you in America." President Obama
Rosetta has quality, affordable health care. Repealing the Affordable Care Act could take it away. #WhatRepealMeans
Addressing the nation from the Oval Office about the end of the war in Iraq. Watch live at 8pm ET.
Tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. ET: President Obama answers your questions on housing. Submit questions using #AskObamaHousing:
"This was a pretty shameful day for Washington. But this effort isn t over _ I see this as just round one." President Obama
FACT: Romney and Ryan support overturning Roe v. Wade, which would take away a woman s right to make her own health decisions.
Equal pay is up for a vote this Tuesday, through the Paycheck Fairness Act:
Be a leader on heath care reform:
Obama: Trust matters. One thing I think you've seen over the past 4 years is that I mean what I say. I do what I say I m going to do.
"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama
"Michelle and I want every child to have the same chance this country gave us." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #SOTU
Every election matters - those who show up determine our future. Go vote tomorrow!
Health insurance is a few clicks away:
Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important:
Today s vote in the Senate is just the first step and @OFA volunteers are continuing to make their voices heard. #NowIsTheTime
Start the new year right: Enroll in health insurance before December 23rd to be covered on January 1st.
It's official: Last year was the hottest year on record by a very wide margin.
The President wants to reward companies for bringing jobs back to America. Mitt Romney? Not so much:
Thanks to health care reform, getting covered could be more affordable than you think:
In Landover, Maryland, to speak on the monthly job numbers. Watch live at 11:30am ET.
"We need to do more to help Americans who feel trapped by student loan debt." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
"A child's course in life should not be determined by the ZIP code he's born in, but by the scope of his work ethic." President Obama
Support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. Say you're ready to #ActOnClimate:
"Governor, the people in Detroit don t forget." President Obama #StrongerWithObama
Here's a preview of some behind-the-scenes video we got at #DinnerWithBarack:
Starting tonight at 8:30 pm ET: Hear from campaign leadership on how you can help re-elect the President.
RT if you agree: Congress should avoid brutal spending cuts and focus on making America a magnet for good jobs.
#GetCovered today and be covered on January 1st:
Bonnie's 23-year-old daughter was diagnosed with cancer. She wrote a letter everyone needs to read:
20 million Americans covered: 9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance: Lowest uninsured rate on record:
President Obama speaks in Asheville, North Carolina as part of his White House jobs tour. Watch live:
"Today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Welcome guest tweeter David Axelrod, who will be answering your questions on the president's speech here.
You can t be denied coverage, regardless of your past or current health. #GetCoveredNow:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Connecticut about why Congress needs to act to reduce gun violence.
Encouraging people to vote today in West Virginia. Polls open until 7:30pm. Visit
"Let's get something out of the way up front: I am not singing today." President Obama
You could be organizing in paradise:
"I'm always impressed by folks who have had the courage to go back to school, especially those later in life." President Obama
RT @Messina2012: Happy bday OFA! One year ago today we began this campaign. Watch this and get fired up, ready to go:
Follow @OFA_NH to hear @CoryBooker talk about the President s record for young Americans then tweet him your questions. #ff
Volunteers around the country were fired up to register voters this weekend check out the photos:
Change happens because people like you fight to make it happen.
Jay Z wants you in a voting state of mind today.
This weekend, OFA supporters will talk to voters about how important it is to vote this November. Can you attend a canvass?
Add your name: Climate change is happening now. Whose side are you on?
President Obama s fuel efficiency standards will save families money at the pump &amp; cut our dependence on foreign oil:
Retweet if you are proud that immigration is a part of our nation's heritage.
Delivering a statement about Japan from the Rose Garden. Watch live at 3:30pm ET.
Read how @OFA organizers are sharing their personal stories to help #StopGunViolence:
These are the faces of minimum wage.
"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." President Obama #ActOnClimate
"When those voices are heard, you can't stop it. That's when change happens."
From @Deese44: Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change:
"Michelle and I join Catholics around the world in celebrating the canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II." President Obama
Casual fibs, flat-out falsehoods: What other misleading gambits will Paul Ryan pull out at tonight s debate?
"It is you, our citizens, who make the state of our union strong." President Obama #SOTU
Watch live: President Obama speaks in New Hampshire about the choice in this election.
I ve said time and time again to Congress: send me the DREAM Act, put it on my desk, and I ll pass it right away.
"Instead of rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas, let's create jobs right here in America." President Obama #ReadyToWork
The @OFA donor wall shows that this is a grassroots movement belonging to millions:
"We should finish the job of fixing our broken immigration system." President Obama
Learning about alternative energy in Fairless Hills, PA and encouraging everyone to vote in today's Mississippi Democratic Primary.
December 23rd: The deadline to buy health insurance for January 1st. Get covered:
We ve saved 400,000+ teachers jobs with the Recovery Act. As state budgets face challenges, there is much more work to do.
Decent health insurance should not be just a perk for the rich.
Be part of the @OFATruthTeam and fight back with facts:
Success for the next generation starts with early education. Every child deserves a strong start. #PreKForAll
RT if you agree: We don t need a president with #Romnesia in the White House.
"Every child in America deserves a world class education." President Obama #WHFilmFest
"This wasn't about politics this was about people." President Obama
Add your name if you believe that when women succeed, America succeeds:
Show your support for @EPA's standards on clean power plants and reducing carbon pollution:
@BernieKober: Thanks for raising awareness on campus hope your party is a success!
Tattoos not included. MT @jasonderulo: 2night the #VMA s... who can tell me what's dropping Oct 1? Hint: go 2
Before the Affordable Care Act, infants with pre-existing conditions could be denied health care coverage:
Be covered starting February 1st apply before January 15th:
Speaking about the American Opportunity Tax Credit at 1:50pm ET after meeting with college students and families.
President Obama is in Atkinson, Illinois for a White House town hall. Watch live:
The economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. Add your name if you agree:
FACT: Romney and Ryan would slash Pell Grant scholarships, making college more expensive for nearly 10 million students.
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yours big or small.
"In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." President Obama
#PunxsutawneyPhil says there's more winter ahead make sure you get covered:
On average, women in America make just 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. It's #MathNotMyth.
Progress is not inevitable it depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it:
"Your voice is needed like never before." Read President Obama's message to @OFA supporters:
GM just announced it's adding 2,000 jobs, many to staff a new IT innovation center in Warren, Michigan:
Are you among the half of the country Mitt Romney has disdainfully written off? Share your story:
President Obama speaks on No Child Left Behind. Watch live:
Today marks the one-year anniversary of Wall Street reform. Find out how it s already working for us:
Weekly Address: A rising, thriving middle class is the true engine of economic growth.
The science is clear climate change shouldn't be ignored. #ActOnClimate
Stand with the only candidate in this election who s fighting to make college more affordable:
Asking you to get your family involved in this year's election. Watch
FACT: Immigrant-owned businesses generated $775 billion in revenue for the economy in 2011. (via @renewoureconomy) #iMarch
Supporters organized 7,967 grassroots events this weekend. If you were out knocking on doors and registering voters, thank you. #Forward2012
President Obama on the need for gun violence prevention measures:
Adam in Michigan is pumped for tonight s #MISummit: Students will be a central force again.
If you attended our National Day of Action this weekend, we d love to hear about your experience how'd it go? #VoteReg11
"We owe it to America to do better. We owe it to the DREAMers to do better." President Obama
We re counting down to a critical fundraising deadline at midnight. Can you chip in $5 to grow this campaign today?
Unbelievable. Already, you've pledged to volunteer over 2M hours of your time to candidates who fight for health reform:
On this date in 1885, the Statue of Liberty arrived on our shores. Let's honor the opportunity she represents by passing #ImmigrationReform.
Thanks to the Recovery Act, middle class families are seeing larger tax refunds see which benefits you're eligible for:
"This law is already helping millions of young people, and it's about to help millions more." President Obama #Obamacare
WATCH: No one's invincible.
Retweet if you agree that it's time for the House of Representatives to pass comprehensive #immigration reform. #ActOnReform
Speaking at the #DNC2012 tonight: Dr. Jill Biden, Vice President @JoeBiden, and President Barack Obama.
WATCH: President Obama took action to protect Bristol Bay in Alaska, one of America's greatest natural treasures.
The holidays were especially sweet for Sgt. Michael Anderson (Ret), who was home with his family after 2 tours in Iraq:
Don t miss the President s speech in Ohio today on the choice we face in this election. Tune in here at 1:45pm ET:
Take a moment to sign this #RaiseTheWage petition:
Today, nearly 1/3 of all Hispanic Americans don't have health insurance. The #ACA will help 9 million more Latinos get coverage. #progress
"I am a hunter of small game and own a shotgun to do so. But it is time to find a way to stop gun violence." Gary F. #WeDemandAVote
"I know you can meet the challenge, many of you already are, as long as you make the effort." President Obama #MyBrothersKeeper
Extending tax cuts for the middle class is right, it is just, and it will help our economy.
"The actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
The agreement "further reduces the deficit by raising $620 billion in revenue from the wealthiest households. President Obama
Congress has 29 days to take action on jobs before the summer recess tell them stalling is not an option:
You need to see this video, and then your friends need to see this video:
"Together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." President Obama on Breast Cancer Awareness Month
You ve heard about the great work our summer organizers do now we re recruiting fall fellows. Apply, or pass it on:
Now's the time to say you stand with President Obama in this election and against false, divisive attacks:
This campaign has come a long way in a year and a day. Check out #Obama2012's progress and sign up to help build on it:
LIVE: The President is holding a town hall meeting in Nashville about #ImmigrationAction. Watch here:
Obama on Romney's misleading Jeep ads: The car companies themselves have told Gov. Romney to knock it off.
Honoring our sacred trust:
February marked two straight years of U.S. job growth:
Now taking playlist recommendations. (Thanks, @azizansari.)
Being featured on YouTube "Candidate Spotlight" asking how can we make this country better?
Reggie Love may not be the President s personal aide anymore, but he s still got his back:
A first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots organizing skills:
POTUS: This election isn t just about two candidates or two parties it s about two fundamentally different visions for America.
RT this so your friends know President Obama s balanced plan to reduce our deficit and grow the economy.
Five years ago, something important started. A look back that will make you smile:
Launched American Graduation Initiative to help additional 5 mill. Americans graduate college by 2020:
Obama: "We joke about #Romnesia. But this is about trust. And there s no more serious issue in a presidential campaign than trust."
Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to #ActOnClimate:
Congress should find the same sense of urgency to help families as they did to help themselves.
Don't miss out: Enroll today.
Retweet if you agree every child in America should have access to a world class education. #CollegeOpportunity
Stand with the President for four more years of progress to make college more affordable:
Congratulations to @NASANewHorizons on completing a three-billion-mile journey. #PlutoFlyby
Extending tax cuts for the middle class isn t just policy it s helping the McLaughlins raise a family:
Don t let Congress make it harder for Americans to afford college tell them #DontDoubleMyRate:
"Manufacturing is adding jobs for the first time since the '90s." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
While lawmakers are home for congressional recess, @OFA will be there to meet them. Be a part of the effort:
Don't miss tonight's 9pm ET State of the Union address. Find a watch party:
Join the thousands of Americans who have shared their #My2K stories:
A few Ohioans who were there share their takes on the President s speech:
Today, support small businesses in your community by shopping at your favorite local stores. #SmallBusinessSaturday
Tomorrow at 9:15 am ET, Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan is answering questions on student aid and education reform.
We believe we re all in this together. We don t believe this economy grows from the top down; we think it grows from the middle out.
Last month, our economy added 204,000 jobs to the private sector, continuing a 44-month job creation streak:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing. #DoYourJob
"We ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act two years ago today. Here's how it's changing lives:
Holding a White House press conference with Mexican President Felipe Calder _n at 11:50 am ET. Watch live:
President Obama: Tonight, thanks to the grit and determination of the American people, there is much progress to report. #SOTU
Decide the menu at your holiday feast. See your health insurance options. Two things to get done by December 23rd.
If you missed it, watch the State of the Union here:
Happy #FirstDayofFall.
Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer:
Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from @vj44:
"We're not going to let voter suppression go unchallenged." President Obama
Download &amp; display this sign if you're 1 of the 92% of Americans who support universal background checks:
As Congress leaves Washington, it's your job to keep the conversation going on the important issues:
President Obama: I will never turn Medicare into a voucher. Governor Romney doubled down on this proposal last night, and he s wrong.
The President announced a 40% cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $18 billion.
We may not outraise Mitt Romney. But we can keep the margin close enough that we can win this election the right way:
270 to 270:
A reminder:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy from Minneapolis. Tune in:
Today is a day to celebrate being who you are. #NationalComingOutDay
FACT: President Obama called on Congress to expand the R&amp;D Tax Credit to improve U.S. competitiveness for attracting investments.
Climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country:
ICYMI: @OFA volunteers hosted "Years of Living Dangerously" watch parties nationwide.
President Obama on why we need to give every American a fair shot:
"In a 21st century economy, we will make sure that as America grows stronger, this recovery leaves no one behind." President Obama
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chance meet James Taylor in Chicago this summer:
LIVE: President Obama delivers the commencement address at @WestPoint_USMA. Tune in:
The Senate has released a health reform bill that secures and extends affordable coverage while reducing our deficit. Now that's progress.
In Berlin, Germany. Speaking at approx 1pm ET. Watch the speech on CNN or streaming live at
"His words belong to the ages, possessing a power and prophecy unmatched in our time." President Obama on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
With the collector s set you ll get enough #Obama2012 buttons to hand out to friends and family:
Spread the word for a chance to meet the President.
FACT: President Obama is doubling fuel efficiency standards, which will save consumers more than $8,000 at the pump. #MadeInAmerica
People aren't afraid of calling out members of Congress who oppose #Obamacare:
"Everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." President Obama
Help build a better world for our kids join Parents for Obama:
In less than 100 days, Iowans will begin casting votes in this election and @OFA_IA is getting ready:
POTUS: By making the post-9/11 G.I. Bill a priority, we ve helped more than 800,000 veterans and their families pursue their education.
You can recruit 5 new supporters or 500. Either way, the people you bring into this campaign will continue to grow it:
President Obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. Take a stand on this:
Get fired up: The President working on this year's #SOTU address.
If you #GetCovered today, you could see some serious savings:
Spring forward.
RT @Sxyvxn02: @BarackObama It's groceries for me! Every little bit eats into that small part of my budget!
Sign @OFA's birthday card for the President, and send your best wishes:
48 years ago, President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act. Add your name to tell Congress to strengthen the #VRA:
"I care about one thing and one thing only _ to make this country work for working Americans again." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Join in today s health care #TBT push. Get a head start:
One year ago today, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration reform bill. Leaders in the House have failed to act. #OneYearNoAction
Mark Twain Prize recipient Carol Burnett visited the White House yesterday no formal curtain attire required:
The choice on Medicare this fall:
Don't have time to volunteer? You can still do your part. Chip in now:
A special West Wing Week takes you on the ground in Sudan during its historic referendum.
Stand with President Obama tell Congress to end billions in tax giveaways to Big Oil:
Share your family's immigration story and say why we need #ImmigrationReform now:
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system.
Announcing a new resource for news, behind-the-scenes info, and answers to your questions follow @Obama2012 and fire away.
If you re a teacher or education professional who supports the President, here s the group for you:
"No matter who you are, what you look like, where you come from or who you love you can make it if you try." President Obama #ABetterBargain
"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." President Obama
Show the VP some love: #FF @JoeBiden for the latest news on the Vice President from the campaign trail.
Over the next four months, you re going to see more money spent than at any time in history. These guys are writing $10 million checks.
"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." President Obama
President Obama on Mitt Romney: He said ending the war in Iraq was tragic. I said it was the right thing to do.
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight.
President Obama speaks about the American Jobs Act in Denver, Colorado. Watch live:
Thank you to 3.1 million @OFA volunteers &amp; supporters making sure the voices of Americans are heard in Washington:
Recapping day two of the GOP convention ideology, misinformation, and all:
RT @Ms_Lamesha: #ILikeObamacare because my dad is on a fixed income and can now afford his prescriptions GO OBAMACARE
Too many Americans have gone without unemployment insurance for too long:
You could join President Obama backstage at the first #Obama2012 rally by signing up here:
The decisions that affect a woman s health aren t up to politicians or insurance companies they re up to you. President Obama
"America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth." President Obama #AmericaLeads
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation.
LIVE: President Obama and @FLOTUS are participating in the annual White House #EasterEggRoll.
While politicians fail to take action, the #sequester is stalling research on life-saving treatments for everyone:
"Billions of dollars have been saved by seniors already. It's part of the law. It's already in place." President Obama #Obamacare
Texas Republican reps on Twitter: @repjoebarton (TX-06), @congculberson (TX-07), @RepKevinBrady (TX-08), @mccaulpressshop (TX-10).
FACT: Romney s corporate tax plan could displace U.S. jobs and create 800K jobs overseas by eliminating taxes on companies foreign profits.
Happy Mother's Day -- Show your favorite moms some love.
In less than four months, we all have to decide if we ll move forward or back:
In this week's address, President Obama reflects on the progress we made in 2014.
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Illinois Republican reps on Twitter: @RepSchilling (IL-17), @repaaronschock (IL-18), @RepShimkus (IL-19)
POTUS: A higher education "is an economic necessity that every American family should be able to afford."
Today only: Pitch in $5 and be automatically entered to meet up with the President, Beyonc , and Jay-Z sometime soon.
Think outside the bumper these stickers look great on bikes and laptops, too:
President Obama needs you to tell Congress why health care reform can't wait:
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the @OFA Truth Team.
Find out what's at stake for your state if Congress fails to act on taxes:
West Virginia Republican reps on Twitter: @repmckinley (WV-1), @repchelley (WV-2).
RT @OFA_VA: #FiredUp #ReadyToGo
Before the #ACA, baby Jackson was almost denied insurance coverage because of a pre-existing condition ear infections:
As long as I m President, I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy. President Obama on investing in clean energy
President Obama: Gov. Romney may dance around his positions, but if you want to be President, you owe the American people the truth.
President Obama: "I believe we can create more jobs by controlling more of our own energy."
Inviting you to watch the bipartisan health insurance reform meeting tomorrow at 10 AM ET:
Photo of the day: President Obama visited Denver to talk about the American Jobs Act
"Let's keep reforming our education system so young people at every level have the same shot at success." President Obama #AmericaLeads
"We repealed 'Don t Ask, Don t Tell,' so that no one is ever kicked out of the military because of who they are or who they love."
WATCH: This is why it's important for the United States to #LeadOnTrade.
"I urge the Senate to vote yes on ENDA and the House of Representatives to do the same." President Obama
Texas Republican reps on Twitter: @replouiegomert (TX-01), @jodgetedpoe (TX-02), @samspressshop (TX-03), @rephensarling (TX-05).
"We've set a goal of training 100,000 new math and science teachers over the next 10 years." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
"Obviously I noticed she was cute, yes." President Obama on meeting First Lady @MichelleObama
Making $7.25 an hour just isn't enough. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage:
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
LIVE: President Obama speaks about his budget for 2015 and how it works towards restoring opportunity for all.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy:
If #Obamacare is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion:
The election is in 45 days. Commit to vote:
FACT: The President s health care law extends the life of Medicare by eight years without cutting benefits to seniors. #progress
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the United Nations on the Ebola epidemic. Tune in:
Only 34 days until Election Day. RT if you re excited to cheer on President Obama in tonight s debate.
"Every one of these statistics is a life." @VP Biden #ItsOnUs
Don't miss your chance to sign this minimum wage petition before it's delivered:
The American people are waiting for Senate leaders to do their jobs.
Show everyone on the road that you ve got the President s back with this retro car magnet:
What I m always struck by is the core decency and goodness and hard work and responsibility and faith that the American people have.
Check out President Obama's message to @OFA supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress:
FACT: 9.9 million private sector jobs have been added over the past 53 months. #ActOnJobs
So far, 10,192 people have helped make Mitt Romney regret he started a One-Term Fund:
"If you are responsible and put in the effort, you can succeed there is no limit to what you can do." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Photo of the day: A baby gets up close and personal with President Obama on Christmas Day.
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change.
We can t go back. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we don t:
LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking about the economy at @jenisicecreams headquarters in Ohio.
Romney economics aren t a prescription for a stronger economy or a stronger country. Get the facts:
An important step: Read about the new US agreement with China to reduce super-pollutants and combat #climate change.
Here's what health insurance means to this 20-something:
.@Messina2012 on Romney's tepid reaction to a moment that required moral leadership:
Read the op-ed in the @nytimes on why we need health care reform:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the importance of #EqualPay for women.
How to fix a broken immigration system so everyone plays by the rules:
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of a budget that builds economic opportunity.
This July, we will begin to bring our troops home from Afghanistan. #SOTU
Watch President Obama share a #FourthOfJuly message in the weekly address.
How are you and your family celebrating this Independence Day?
RT @DemOkie: thanks for answering my question, @davidaxelrod! #roadtraveled
A vote against the DISCLOSE Act is a vote to allow corporate and special-interest takeovers of our elections.
The unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014 the first time that's happened in 30 years.
POTUS: "I'm calling on Congress to extend the tax cuts for the 98 percent of Americans who make less than $250,000 for another year."
It's time to make the pay gap a thing of the past American women deserve better. #WEMatter
About to address the crowd in Chicago. Are you fired up? Watch live now:
If you believe in affordable health care, keep up the fight in 2014:
President Obama: We refused to throw in the towel and do nothing. We refused to let Detroit go bankrupt.
President Obama, speaking at the ASNE conference in Washington today: I believe this is a make-or-break moment for the middle class.
Biden today: #hcr "includes the fundamental, essential change that opponents _ have resisted for generations." Read:
Ring in the new year with the one you love.
"The American auto industry is all the way back." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
"Prices have come down. When you add the new tax credits ... prices come down even further." President Obama #Obamacare
Someone has a birthday coming up _
"America only moves forward when we do so together when we accept certain obligations to one another."
Equality isn't a zero-sum game.
Joe's a gun store owner and NRA member and he supports background checks for all gun sales:
Stay informed and get the facts with the @OFA Truth Team:
For Valentine's Day: "Man with a new, healthy heart says Obamacare saved his life"
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: America's economy is the strongest in the world.
Cecile Richards asks women to take a look at what's at stake in this election:
The choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war. President Obama #IranDeal
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done. #InternationalWomensDay
"We're going to resolve this, and we're going to resolve it in a serious way." President Obama yesterday on debt talks:
What could we pay for if we asked millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share in taxes?
Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter @OFA's contest today:
Enroll today for health insurance that starts on February 1st:
Reminder: The debate in Congress right now is supposed to be about funding the Department of Homeland Security. #EnoughAlready
FACT: Last decade, 3,766 people were murdered with guns in Ohio more than the number of combat deaths in the Iraq war. #DemandAction
You can have a direct effect on whether folks vote this November. Can you call 10 voters today?
The #CostOfInaction on immigration reform is too big to ignore. Add your name to show your support:
Young Floridians for Obama:
The United States needs to #LeadOnTrade and sell more goods that are #MadeInAmerica.
Women make up nearly half of the workforce, but on average make only 77 cents to the dollar of a man. #FairFutureNow
It is because of our people that our future is hopeful, our journey goes forward, and the state of our union is strong. #SOTU
Read President Obama's latest op-ed about the need for family-friendly workplace policies:
Holding a rally at Penn State University and a Town Hall in Harrisburg, PA today Learn more at
Want to be covered in 2014? Enroll now.
"All women deserve the right to live free from fear. That's what today is all about." Obama on signing the Violence Against Women Act #VAWA
As Congress weighs options and special interests tell them to give up on #HCR they need to hear from you. Take action:
President Obama at the Washington Auto Show: "The U.S. auto industry is back."
Climate deniers in Congress refuse to even debate the issue. Make sure they don't get away with it:
Big progress is happening at every level to raise the minimum wage except in Congress.
"We've just got to get people excited." John, one of over 475,000 supporters who have helped get this campaign started.
Climate change is a real and man-made problem be a part of the solution:
Instead of subsidizing yesterday s energy, let s invest in tomorrow s. #SOTU
FACT: Thanks to the #ACA, health insurers have to spend at least 80% of your premium on your health care, or you get a rebate. #progress
This week, President Obama celebrated Independence Day with military families and hosted a Twitter town hall. Watch:
Did you know the Senate #immigration reform bill provides protections for American workers? More:
Make sure your friends get the facts on how President Obama is fighting for women:
From @amprog: "Budget Gridlock Risks International Climate and Clean Energy Investments"
"We've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
POTUS: I want women to control their own health choices, just like I want my daughters to have the same opportunities as your sons.
I have confidence in the resiliency of the Gulf region, but we will ensure BP fulfills their obligations for the damage that has been done.
Just two days left to get #GetCovered for 2016.
Each one of us needs to speak up and demand action on gun violence. Here's how you can help right now:
Happy Flag Day, America. "Wherever our American journey has taken us... Old Glory has followed." President Obama
A national commission is investigating the causes of the BP oil spill and recommending additional safety and environmental standards.
You can fight back against the polluters and special interest groups. Here's how:
Twenty years together:
Just 30 days left in this campaign. If you're on #TeamObama, sign up to help win this thing:
The ATF needs strong leadership to help protect our communities from gun violence. Todd Jones is the right choice:
In Las Vegas today, President Obama discussed the new ways America is using domestic natural gas as an energy resource:
Voter registration deadlines are coming up fast. RT this link to make sure your friends are registered &amp; ready to vote:
Tweet at your Republican legislators and urge them to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Worth a watch and a RT: President Obama s closing statement from last night s debate.
#ImmigrationReform will strengthen our security and our economy. And it can finally become a reality this year.
Today, we re kicking off our Grassroots Fundraising Challenge and you could win a call from the President or @VP:
Communities and creditors across the country lost out but Romney's firm made off with millions:
FLOTUS on POTUS: "[He] knows what it means when a family struggles. He knows what it means to want something better for your kids.
Don't stand idly by while Senate leaders continue to block Judge Garland from a fair hearing and vote:
"I was raised by strong women who worked hard to support my sister and me. I saw what it was like for a single mom." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy.
"The question isn t between growth and fiscal responsibility. We need both." President Obama on passing a responsible budget
"Nobody should have to choose between putting food on their kid's table or taking them to see a doctor." President Obama #Obamacare
Between now and November, we'll be doubling down on our efforts to register voters." James in Missouri
552,462 people made a contribution to this campaign in its first three months.
Already ordered your free Obama-Biden bumper sticker? Pass this link along to make sure your friends get theirs:
"To all Americans, I hope you have a weekend filled with joy and reflection, focused on the things that matter most."
President Obama: "What binds us together will always be more powerful than what drives us apart."
Welcome to the family, Sunny.
The last time the federal minimum wage was raised was five years ago today. #TBT #LiveTheWage
Too many members of Congress deny the science of #climate change. Watch @OFA's new video calling them out:
Open enrollment is right around the corner. #GetCovered
Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generations and @pontifex agrees:
"I bet on American workers and American ingenuity, and we saved a dying auto industry that's back on top of the world." President Obama
Watch President Obama at 1:05 p.m. ET announce new steps to boost manufacturing jobs:
President Obama is @TIME's Person of the Year:
"We've made real progress digging our way out of policies that gave us two wars &amp; the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression."
Are you calling & writing members of congress re: health insurance reform? Now you can tweet them too:
The first guest for #DinnerWithBarack will be chosen in an hour. Pitch in now and it could be you:
This week marks the 50th National Small Business Week. Did you know small businesses employ 1/2 the nation's workforce? #SBW2013 @whitehouse
Watch the weekly address on the importance of extending unemployment insurance:
Let your voice be heard: Stand with the President's #ImmigrationAction.
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Chicago about his plan to strengthen the economy for the middle class.
President Obama speaks at the White House's Fourth of July celebration. Watch live:
Retweet if you agree. #ActOnClimate
Another milestone for the Two-Term Fund: $1.5 million.
"Tonight, I m proposing a Veterans Job Corps that will help our communities hire veterans as cops and firefighters."
If you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here:
Spread the word: Today is the last day to #GetCovered for 2016.
Health care, equality, "welcome home," DREAM, auto rescue, a strong middle class we can't turn back:
FACT: Paul Ryan endorsed a bill that would ban several common forms of birth control, including certain birth control pills.
Just 31 days until Congress goes on summer recess: Tell them to get to work passing the President s jobs plan.
"Building this new energy future should be just one part of a broader agenda to repair America s infrastructure." #SOTU
This Sunday is @VP Biden s birthday. Join the #Obama2012 team in wishing him a happy one:
FACT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands but not all gun sales require them. #WeDemandAVote
A few lucky folks who got to sit down for dinner with the President share what the experience was like for them:
In case you missed the news, our economy has added nearly 6.4 million private-sector jobs over 36 straight months:
"I don't want a young person out there to get sick ... and suddenly they're in a position to lose everything they have." President Obama
"We need to get it done now." President Obama on taking action in support of #MarriageEquality.
President Obama: If you truly value families, you shouldn t play politics with a woman s health.
"We don t abandon our fellow Americans when times get tough we keep the faith with them until they start that new job." President Obama
The President signed the Fair Pay Act three years ago today. Stand by him to make more progress toward equal pay:
RT @OFA_OK: Showin' our President some hospitality; it's the Oklahoma way!
Only 24 days til Election Day. Help win this thing by volunteering in your community this weekend:
"It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of America." President Obama #Selma50
Our government has an obligation to make sure that America is the best place on Earth to do business.
The United States will do our part we will be a global leader in international development in the 21st century.
President Obama: "Right now, 90% of Americans 90% support background checks that will keep criminals from buying a gun." #DemandAction
Better hurry the deadline to chip in is right around the corner:
Why President Obama is not giving the weekly address today:
Watch President Obama speak about #Obamacare and #ABetterBargain for the middle class at 10:55 a.m. ET:
President Obama makes a statement on Hurricane Irene. Watch live:
President Obama: "Cuts to things like education and training; energy and national security; will cost us jobs, and slow down our recovery."
Today, we take a significant step forward in pursuing a world without nuclear weapons.
Don't let the year end without taking part in this fight for change. Become an @OFA 2013 Founding Member:
Rachel from AZ agrees with the President middle-class families shouldn t pay a higher tax rate than millionaires:
Over the past two years, the House s failure to take #ImmigrationAction has cost the country $26.8 billion.
Watch live: President Obama speaks about the economy in Florida.
Some members of Congress are still trying to put politics between a woman and her doctor. Say you won't stand for it:
Tell Congress that when it comes to creating jobs, we can't afford to wait:
"Warren Buffett likened default to a nuclear bomb a weapon too terrible to use." President Obama on the debt ceiling
Help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of Americans get covered. Add your name now:
Only 8 days left until Congress leaves Washington for a month. Tell them to act on the President s jobs plan now:
Retweet if you agree: We need to keep the doors of higher education open to everyone who works for it. We need to #MakeCollegeAffordable.
POTUS in VA: I don t believe we can get very far with leaders who write off half the nation as victims who will never take responsibility.
FACT: Romney has said he d sign into law Ryan s plan to privatize Medicare, forcing seniors to pay $6,350 more a year in health care costs.
LIVE: The President is speaking about the benefits of #Obamacare and how to continue progress on health care reform.
Retweet to spread the word: There are three weeks left to #GetCovered with #AffordableCare. Don't miss this chance.
President Obama: I believe women are capable and should make their own health care decisions for themselves.
You could meet James Taylor. Enter today:
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final #SOTU.
Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy on why it's so important to #ActOnClimate:
Help pass comprehensive immigration reform by sharing your #ImmigrationStory then RT so your friends can, too:
Do you have a favorite quote from this election? See if it made our top 47:
"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." President Obama #IranDeal
Americans across the country are taking the #LiveTheWage Challenge to see what it's like to live on $77 a week:
The campaign and combined committees raised over $114 million in August to the Romney campaign's $111 million.
"Not everybody will qualify under this provision that's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." President Obama
Spread the truth: How to respond to the lie that health reform means "pulling the plug on grandma"
Want a jumpstart on your organizing career? Become an @OFA Summer Fellow:
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall:
Thanks for sharing what the payroll tax cut means to you and your family:
Every American deserves access to affordable health care. Leaders in 24 states are standing in the way:
In the weekly address, President Obama honors America's veterans:
Watch live: President Obama accepts the #DNC2012 presidential nomination:
A big part of a #Healthy2015 is making sure you have health insurance:
"Once again, Nate Silver completely nailed it." President Obama on the vote to pardon this year's Thanksgiving turkey:
Traveled to Columbus, OH, to mark a major milestone on the road to recovery: the 10,000th road project launched under the Recovery Act.
Make the 10 millionth donation of 2012 only 1,416 left to go:
FACT: Thanks to the President s health care law, 3.1 million more young Americans under age 26 have health coverage. #Forward
FACT: Nonpartisan tax experts say Romney s plan would force middle-class families with kids to pay $2,000 more a year in taxes.
What will you do in the next 100 days to make sure we keep moving forward, not back?
These folks are a few of the 160 million Americans that the payroll tax cut will help this year:
Secretary of State Clinton announces 2012 Int'l AIDS conference to be held in U.S.:
President Obama: We don t need more top-down economics. What we need is someone who's going to fight every day to grow the middle class.
Climate change is real. #ScienceSaysSo.
President Obama s second-term agenda will grow our economy from the middle out, not the top down:
"If we as a nation can expand opportunity ... it could have a transformative effect." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Ever wanted to have dinner with the President? Now s your chance take the last seat at the next #DinnerWithBarack:
Health care reform took generations of organizing. Say you were a part of this:
Just one example of our commitment to doing our work openly and giving people the government they deserve:
President Obama has nominated more openly gay Americans for federal court judgeships than any other president.
"Our nation needs comprehensive immigration reform." @SenDeanHeller, Republican from Nevada. Read his full op-ed:
May I have this dance?
It's all hands on deck for #Obamacare that includes yours:
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree:
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses how raising the minimum wage will impact American women.
President Obama: We have come too far to turn back now. We ve got more work to do.
Louisiana Republican reps on Twitter: @repjefflandry (LA-03), @repfleming (LA-04), @usrepalexander (LA-05), @repboustany (LA-07).
Last night, President Obama laid out a blueprint for an America that's built to last. Stand with him:
President Obama: "Right now, we have a real chance to reduce gun violence in America."
If you live in Arizona, ask @SenJonKyl and @SenJohnMcCain to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
On Romney: "He suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception coverage."
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more:
President Obama announces his support for same-sex marriage:
President Obama: If you tweet, use the hashtag #DontDoubleMyRate. Keep it up let s get this done.
Obama: "Gabby Giffords deserves a vote. The families of Newtown deserve a vote. The families of Aurora deserve a vote." #NowIsTheTime
If you agree that passing the DREAM Act is the right thing to do, call your senators and urge them to pass this bill:
OFA supporters across the country are standing up for Wall Street reform--and their voices are being heard.
President Obama: "I promised to cut taxes for middle-class families and small businesses and we have." #PromiseKept
Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves #EqualPay:
As a nation, we have a moral and economic imperative to give every child the chance to succeed.
A Mother s Day #FF for the First Mom, @MichelleObama.
Obama announcing his candidacy: "Let's be the generation that finally tackles our health care crisis."
Jump on the phone with President Obama this Monday. RSVP now:
Raising the minimum wage will benefit the economy as a whole. Join the fight:
I have two college-age kids who will be able to stay on our family's health insurance." Kathleen, #Obama2012 neighborhood team leader
Compare and contrast: Years for which President Obama and Mitt Romney have released their tax returns.
FACT: The first bill President Obama signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps women fight for equal pay.
Thanks for all you're doing and for all you'll do over the next 65 days to help win this election. High five:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room.
"I'm here because I am listening ... I'm listening to Americans all across the country." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"Power plants are responsible for about 40% of America's carbon pollution." President Obama #ActOnClimate
RT if you're siding with the middle class and #TeamJoe after tonight's debate:
Mississippi Republican reps on Twitter: @repalannunnelee (MS-1), @greggharper (MS-3) #compromise
More on today's foreclosure settlement:
Help make it a special Father s Day for the President join @MichelleObama and sign his card:
Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves.
Kalamazoo Central students raised their sights, aimed high, and invested themselves in their own success. Congratulations, graduates.
"One year ago this month, senators from both parties _ came together to pass a common-sense immigration bill." President Obama
We rise or fall together, as one nation, and as one people.
"We have come too far to abandon the change we fought for these past few years. We have to move forward."
"I've seen too many stories of people who did not have health insurance, and tragedy struck and they were unprepared." President Obama
Happy National Hot Dog Day. Ketchup or mustard? (There's a right answer.)
Watch: Keegan found the freedom to start his own business.
Massachusetts citizens on Mitt Romney: "He did not care what was going on in our communities."
Give $10 or more and get a retro car magnet it s that easy:
RT @Obama2012: President Obama: I want to make it easier for students like you to earn a degree without shouldering a mountain of debt.
The health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now:
FACT: Thanks to Wall Street reform, 2.5 million Americans harmed by deceptive credit card practices are receiving $150 million in refunds.
Tonight's deadline is our biggest yet. Give $3 or whatever you can:
Youth soccer programs are growing thanks to the Obama administration:
"As President, I m committed to making Washington work better." President Obama #SOTU
A year ago today:
"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." President Obama
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now:
It s Election Day! This is your last chance to help win this thing RT this link so your friends know where to vote:
In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobs the strongest two-year job growth since 2000:
The outcome of this election will have a real impact on your family s finances use this tax calculator to see how:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado about the choice we face in this election.
President Obama and the First Lady onstage together in Columbus yesterday:
Made in the USA and all purchases go toward re-electing the President take a look around the #Obama2012 store:
Obama: "Gov. Romney has called for $5 trillion of tax cuts that he says he's going to pay for by closing deductions. The math doesn t work."
Time to vote! Grab a friend to join you and head over to your polling place:
Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland:
Good news: Wind and solar energy have tripled since 2008.
FACT: Romney and Ryan s plan would pay for tax cuts for the wealthy by raising taxes on the middle class.
We believe in something called opportunity. We believe in a country where hard work pays off &amp; responsibility is rewarded. President Obama
RT @jeremybird: Happy Election Day, @OFA_OH @OFA_PA @OFA_NC @OFA_IA @OFA_AZ @OFA_VA @OFA_MS @OFA_CA @OFA_IN @OFA_KY
#ClimateChangeIsReal. So is President Obama's 3-point game.
"You never know who is going to have the next great idea to grow your business." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Clean energy is here to stay.
President Obama: This is not a game. These are people s jobs. These are people s lives. #MadeInAmerica
LAST CHANCE: Sign OFA's birthday card for President Obama.
Tell Congress now is the time for background checks for gun sales:
We are days away from enacting the toughest financial reforms since the Great Depression. Let s finish the job:
Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change:
Stand with the President the only candidate in this race who believes women should make their own health care choices:
Add your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change:
It makes me very proud to see President Obama fighting for our troops to honor their service.
What President Obama actually said about small businesses:
Believe #LoveIsLove? Support an organization fighting for equality:
Getting the word out about the March 31st enrollment deadline is important for all kinds of reasons:
"This will not change until the politics change." President Obama on gun violence #DoSomething
The noise around gun violence is loud. But we can be louder. #WearOrange
President Obama: "My first job as commander in chief is to keep the American people safe, and that's what we've done over the last 4 years."
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why:
To the women of our national soccer team: Sorry I can't be there to see you play, but I'll be cheering you on from here. Let's go. -BO
"We should pass immigration reform _ It's good for our people and we should do it this year." President Obama #ActOnReform
"And we will safeguard America s own security against those who threaten our citizens, our friends, and our interests."
FACT: Rep. Steve King, who Romney called a partner in Washington, said he s never heard of anyone getting pregnant from statutory rape.
President Obama in VA: My voice sounds just a little hoarse. We are right in the middle of our 8-state, fly-around campaign extravaganza.
Heading to Cleveland State University for tonight's debate. Watch it live at 9pm ET on MSNBC or streamed at
Happy Hanukkah! #Obama2012 staff lit a menorah at Chicago HQ tonight:
"It is time to stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas, and start rewarding companies that create jobs right here in America."
FACT: Between 2000-2010, immigrants accounted for nearly 40% of new homeowners nationwide. #StandWithOurFuture
15 days to go in this election. RT if you ll be cheering on the President in tonight s final debate:
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:
"They can t say how they d pay for $5 trillion in tax cuts without raising taxes on the middle class." President Obama on Romney's plan
Read President Obama's handwritten tribute to the 150th anniversary of the #GettysburgAddress:
100 days until #DNC2012 in Charlotte. Hear why supporters around the country are fired up to be there:
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracy read more:
Here's your chance to see the beautiful Chicago skyline for yourself this summer:
Thinking about becoming a summer organizer? The experience could change your life:
Answering the questions you submitted to YouTube at 2:30pm ET. Watch live at
Spread the truth: VP Biden busts the myth that our health insurance system doesn't need reform.
President Obama wishes a chag sameach to all those celebrating Passover this weekend:
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner.
The election is in 53 days pitch in $10 now:
"We re also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world."
President Obama: "This is our best chance in more than a decade to take common-sense steps that will save lives."
If you haven't already, be sure to send your loved ones a personalized holiday video this season:
Thanks to the #ACA, Sarah didn t have to put her career on hold to make sure her child s health was protected:
Remember that deadline we kept talking about a few weeks ago? We've got some news for you about our fundraising results from last quarter.
Watch President Obama discuss @Obamacare: "It's more than just a website."
President Obama: "Thank goodness somebody is finally getting tough on Big Bird."
Add your name: Say you #StandWithDREAMers today.
Tomorrow is Election Day. Do you know where your polling place is? Find it here:
Support @OFA today and keep fighting for change:
Watch live: President Obama discusses his specific plans to keep us moving forward in the first presidential debate.
Couldn't be prouder of the women of #USWNT after a hard-fought game. Congratulations to Japan, Women's World Cup Champions.
You probably haven't heard a health care story like this.
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying:
Look who dropped in on HQ today:
President Obama: I kept my promise to cut taxes on middle-class families and small businesses.
After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand #UnitedOnClimate.
"When times get tough, we are not a people who say, 'You're on your own.'" President Obama #RenewUI
When the American people speak loudly enough, Congress listens. Add your voice:
Today @OFA volunteers are honoring the victims of Newtown by telling Congress they're #NotBackingDown:
"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in New Hampshire about what s at stake in this election.
"America does not stand still and neither will I." President Obama #SOTU
Earlier this afternoon, Republican senators voted to filibuster the Rebuild America Jobs Act.
Are you in? MT @OFA: Tomorrow we kick off the first National Call Day for gun violence prevention.
Sometimes a hoodie takes on a story of its own:
Who inspires you to give to the #Obama2012 campaign?
Tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the #WHCD:
"We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." President Obama
A household making $50,000 saved $3,600 in taxes during President Obama s first term. What about yours?
The President believes that as a nation of immigrants, we should stand united without dividing people. Stand by him:
RSVP now for Thursday's @TheDreamisNow online screening, followed by a live panel. Tweet questions using #DINchat.
Instead of giving tax breaks to companies that ship jobs overseas, let s give them to companies that create jobs right here in Pittsburgh.
If you live in North Carolina, ask @SenatorBurr to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
This November, U.S. manufacturing production grew at the fastest pace in 30 months, according to @ISM:
Take action this summer with @OFA's Organizing Fellowship:
"I'm still amazed at how much misunderstanding there is about the current system of health care" President @BillClinton talks on #Obamacare
Make Halloween a chance to organize for #Obama2012 with our discounted supporter pack:
Tonight is the May fundraising deadline, and it matters. Chip in $3:
"We nag you because we love you." @MichelleObama on why mom wants you to #GetCoveredNow
I'm grateful to @SenJohnMcCain for his lifetime of service to our country. Congratulations, John, on receiving this year's Liberty Medal.
Since taking office _
RT this if you stand with women.
Check out these great photos from this year's #EasterEggRoll:
FACT: The Senate GOP would let polluters build power plants w/o limits on carbon pollution fueling climate change that threatens our planet.
Organizing in paradise the only thing missing is you:
"Folks forget sometimes unions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." President Obama
RT @RoscoeSaint: Having a bad day - watch #roadtraveled. Worried about polls - watch #roadtraveled then find OFA office &amp; volunteer!
"Insurance companies will have to compete with each other for your business. And that means new choices." President Obama on #Obamacare
VP Biden spent time Wednesday debunking myths on seniors & health reform. Share this with a senior in your life:
An Iowa med student had a front row spot for the President s speech yesterday and then this happened:
Watch: Professor Obama has a #SCOTUS lesson for obstructionists in the Senate. #DoYourJob
"We are tougher than the times that we live in, and we are bigger than our politics have been. So let s meet the moment." -President Obama
Got your nose:
Your voice is as important now as ever. Make sure you are heard in the fight for change:
FACT: FEMA disaster relief could be cut by $928 million because Congress failed to act. #CutsWeCantAfford
Pakistani tech entrepreneur Faizan is a perfect example of why we need #ImmigrationReform. Watch the video:
Take a look behind the scenes at #DNC2012:
President Obama is in Holland, MI to visit a battery plant and highlight new fuel efficiency standards. Follow along:
This:
Romney Economics: the infomercial.
The economy is growing but there's still more work to do.
Congress needs to hear this: Do not shut down the government. Do not shut down the economy.
A free #Obama2012 bumper sticker could be on its way to you soon get yours here:
Before the Affordable Care Act, lifetime spending limits would prevent people from getting coverage:
You can make a difference. Join the fight for marriage equality today:
RT if you agree: #TeamBarack had a big win tonight because the President has the right plan to move us forward.
Take a few minutes to weigh in on the future of this organization:
Help make change happen chip in $5:
Tea Party extremists caused this #BoehnerShutdown. Tell @SpeakerBoehner to end it now:
"There's no reason both parties can't come together to get it done this year." President Obama on #immigration reform
Watch live: President Obama speaks about trade with Latin America.
"What happens here matters to every working American, right down to the food that you put on your table." President Obama
In Middletown, CT. Pinch-hitting for Senator Kennedy and delivering the commencement address for Wesleyan University.
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote. #DoYourJob
POTUS: My opponent got really excited. He stood up at a rally &amp; proudly declared, I ll get the job done from the inside.
FACT: Since President Obama took office, America s dependence on foreign oil has decreased every year. #ActOnClimate
America doesn't need another shutdown members of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read more:
"There's no quit in America." President Obama on his plans for a second term:
If you missed the President's check-ins from the road on the #AmericaForward tour, you can watch them all here:
RT @TruthTeam2012: Republicans are touting a report that makes false claims about Obamacare and the deficit:
There are no red states or blue states, just the United States.
President Obama: "Gov. Romney and his running mate have a very different plan they want to turn Medicare into a voucher program."
RT @lennygrover: How will you encourage companies to repatriate capital and hire here instead of low cost emerging markets?
If a teacher, police officer, or first responder has made a difference in your life, share your story here:
After a decade of grinding war, our brave men and women in uniform are coming home. President Obama #SOTU
President Obama's message to the small towns and rural communities driving America's economic recovery:
This is huge: Today millions of Americans finally have the chance to enroll in quality, affordable health care. #GetCovered
Pres. Preval of #Haiti, by phone, to you: "From the bottom of my heart & on behalf of the Haitian people, thank you, thank you, thank you."
Five things you (and your friends) need to know about Mitt Romney:
Keep this campaign strong through the finish line give $10 to Obama for America by texting GIVE to 62262.
Ready to jump in to #Obama2012 grassroots fundraising? Check out today s tip
Follow @OFA today to see what supporters around the country are doing to show Congress it's time to reduce gun violence. #WeDemandAVote
Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics.
"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." President Obama #ACAWorks
RT @trent_schacht: A couple of additions to my #Obama2012 calendar. #SOTU2012
If elected, Gov. Romney s opposition to the wind energy tax credit could allow countries like China to dominate the clean energy industry.
Retweet if you agree. #LeadOnLeave
Retweet if you agree that DREAMers are part of the #AmericanStory. #DACA
"For the first time last year ... world investors now see America as the number one place to do business." President Obama
Retweet if you agree it's time to #ActOnClimate.
"Because you reminded people what it means to have $40 taken out of your paycheck every week, it got done."
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan.
Welcome back, @DRose. #BullsNation
RT @pfeiffer44: President Obama will make a statement in the WH briefing Room at approx. 8:40 PM eastern
We don t need a big government agenda or a small government agenda we need a middle-class agenda that rewards hard work &amp; responsibility.
Last chance to help win this election: Pick up your phone and call voters in key states.
President Obama is speaking about the economic benefits of #Obamacare. Tune in:
"If any of you know a young person who is uninsured, help them get covered. They've got until March 31st to sign up." President Obama
Ever wonder what being an @OFA founding member feels like? Give $5 or more and find out:
"I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." President Obama #SOTU #ActOnClimate
Last night's House-Senate agreement on Wall Street reform represents the toughest financial reform since the Great Depression.
Make sure your friends and family know President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence:
RT @BhanVoyage: So inspired. Love my President. #ReadyToGo #Obama2012 #Columbus
President Obama: "In 19 days, you're going to step into a voting booth, and you've got a big choice to make."
With work and school, Nancy's time is limited. That hasn t kept her from making an impact on #Obama2012:
RT if you support this plan to keep us moving forward:
Happening now: Watch the @WhiteHouse #WorkingFamilies Summit on Fatherhood, with @Mets second baseman Daniel Murphy:
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016:
"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." President Obama #LoveWins
RT if you agree with the President: Congress should prevent student loan rates from doubling on July 1st. #DontDoubleMyRate
Throwback to some of the doomsday predictions about health care reform that didn't come true.
Innovation is vital to a clean energy future. Watch these fourth graders create a solar-powered classroom:
Time's almost up to stake your claim as the first guest at President Obama s table:
See why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America:
Scroll through this timeline for a look back at the moments that made this year and this campaign what it was:
FACT: In 2012, more than 13 million people received health insurance rebates thanks to Affordable Care Act. #WhatHasObamaCareDoneForMeLately
Another #DinnerwithBarack photo, just for good measure:
"The good news is we'll bounce back from this. We always do. America is the bedrock of the global economy for a reason." President Obama
The election four years ago wasn t about me. It was about you. My fellow citizens you were the change. President Obama, 9/6/12
The economy added 151,000 jobs in August extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
President Obama to @AzizAnsari: "I've got more Twitter followers than you, man." In other words, he appreciates you.
#Nov4 2008 stories have poured in over the last 24 hours. Sharing a few...
"There's no question that the shutdown hurt our jobs market... Self-inflicted wounds do not have to happen." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
Spread the word: President Obama is strengthening Medicaid, while Mitt Romney s budget would cut it by one-third.
Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States Armed Forces in the weekly address:
We're making big strides in combating climate change but more can be done. #ActOnClimate
"We made progress, but our work is not done." President Obama #NAACP106
RT @OFA_NV: Supporters in #LasVegas gather around the screen to watch/listen to @BarackObama #bo50
Thanks to health care reform, people have more options just another reason Americans are #BetterWithObamacare:
President Obama: "A nuclear Iran is a threat to our national security and it s a threat to Israel s national security." #StrongerWithObama
Let's keep building economic #OpportunityForAll. Learn more:
Make your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process add your name today:
Worth a read and RT: President Obama's plan to prevent severe budget cuts vs. Republican inaction.
@christian_la @OFA_NV Now that's a dedicated volunteer please tell Reesa her support is very much appreciated!
Add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history:
"Upholding our trust with our veterans is not just a matter of policy it's a moral obligation." President Obama at #ALConvention
Have you heard? Say you'll help out in the final health care push, and you could meet the President.
Watch as President Obama wishes L'Shanah Tovah, a good year, to those celebrating #RoshHashanah:
Make sure the women in your life know: Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.
Stand with the President to urge Congress to extend tax cuts for middle-class families:
Annual checkups, screenings, and vaccines are now free when you get covered. Buy your health insurance by Dec. 23rd:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy.
201,000 of the people who gave in July were entirely new donors who didn't give before in this election cycle or in 2008.
Jerusalem isn t old enough to vote yet but that hasn t stopped her from getting involved:
AZ Republican reps on Twitter: @RepGosar (AZ-01), @RepTrentFranks (AZ-02), @benquayle (AZ-03), @RepDavid (AZ-05), @JeffFlake (AZ-06)
College graduates: Make sure you know your health care options.
Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rights share it here:
Voting is a basic American right. Add your name to say you support restoring the Voting Rights Act:
Obama: America moves forward only when we do so together, and that the responsibility of improving this union remains the task of us all.
We can help big factories &amp; small businesses double their exports. We can create a million new manufacturing jobs in the next 4 years.
January was the 23rd consecutive month of job growth:
We said we d stand up to the special interests, and stand up for the interests of students & families and we did.
#RealRomney: Remember what he s said before.
"America s economic greatness has never trickled from the top down it grows from a rising, thriving middle class." President Obama
"I ve talked tonight about the deficit of trust between Main Street and Wall Street."
Watch President Obama's weekly address on why it's important that Congress act on unemployment insurance:
Speaking about today's encouraging news about General Motors at 4:15pm ET. Watch live at
"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." President Obama #FixOvertime
FACT: Immigrants start over 25% of all businesses in 7 out of the 8 fastest-growing sectors of our economy. (via @renewoureconomy) #iMarch
Last call for Clooney's today is the last day you can enter to be George's guest when he hosts the President in May:
"We've seen entrepreneurship in manufacturing expand at the fastest pace that we've seen in 20 years." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
Some in Congress would choose not to fund @DHSgov rather than fix our broken immigration system. #EnoughAlready
Good news today: The economy has added 5.2 million private sector jobs over 31 straight months.
Help determine the outcome of tomorrow s elections and our country's future. Please call voters this evening:
"Because they marched ... America changed for you and for me." President Obama #MLKDream50
In Springfield, MO. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his #SCOTUS nominee:
Read and RT Louisa s story so your friends see health care reform at work for families and small businesses:
Young Americans for Obama kicks off at the Obama Student Summit at UPenn today. Watch live:
"All of you are growing up in changing times, especially for the economy." President Obama to @PathwaysInTech
President Obama: I am 110% behind our teachers."
Be one of four supporters to join me for dinner:
More than 750,000 Americans have signed this petition demanding background checks for gun sales. Add your name --
Thank you for making it easier to pursue my dreams.
Dawn, FL: We are a hard-working middle-class family of four, and $2,200 goes a long way in our household. Let us move FORWARD!
We need to close this gap:
President Obama: More Americans entered the workforce, more Americans are getting jobs.
"Hi, I'm Barack Obama, President of the United States. Ask me anything." The President visits Reddit:
"Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
"Ask yourself what you can do to help us connect our students to the 21st century." President Obama #ConnectEd
Read @VP Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place:
If you want tax cuts for the middle-class and small business owners pass this jobs bill.
Every time you fill up at the pump, they re making money. They re doing just fine. POTUS on ending Big Oil subsidies:
FACT: Republicans in Congress have repeatedly blocked legislation that would implement ideas from the President s Jobs Council.
Take a stand with state leaders committed to #ActOnClimate. Show your support for the Clean Power Plan:
Photos of the day: The first leg of President Obama s White House economic bus tour:
Making higher education more affordable for our young people is something I ve got a personal stake in. President Obama
A photo that makes us smile:
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland.
Obama: "We don t want politicians in Washington, most of whom are male, to make health care decisions that women can make for themselves."
In West Philadelphia, PA. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it now at
"Business leaders are starting to realize that China's no longer the best place to invest and create jobs America is." President Obama
Live in AR? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit reduction.
It's time to #ActOnClimate:
Read this blog from @GinaEPA and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important:
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." President Obama #Roe43
Photo of the day: President Obama (grudgingly) honors Super Bowl Champions the Green Bay Packers:
"More young people are earning college degrees than ever before." President Obama
How did #DADT get repealed? What role will the auto rescue play in the election? Send your questions for @DavidAxelrod using #RoadTraveled.
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland.
We're better off than we were eight years ago.
Don't forget: This is why we fought for health care reform.
Did you know: 83 percent of American households pay payroll taxes. Every one of those households would pay more if the tax cut expires.
Day 16 of the #TeaPartyShutdown. This can't continue Congress needs to #EndThisNow.
Jim owns a shoe store that's been open for 100 years and he makes sure his employees earn a fair wage.
"We are going to win this fight. But the fight is not over." President Obama on World AIDS Day
Do the math: 77 does not equal 100.
There's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage:
In these challenging days, we can t afford earmarks items inserted into spending bills without adequate review.
Find out how you can help protect our kids and our communities by reducing gun violence:
RT @ediepa @BarackObama #WeCantWait $1500 will mean we can pay a medical bill/dentist bill &/or pay down student loans
Sign this petition and make your voice heard: It's time to #RaiseTheWage.
Join a week of @WhiteHouse policy discussions today at 3pm ET, chat live w/ Ben Rhodes of the National Security Council:
Long-term unemployment is on the decline. Let's keep the economy moving in the right direction:
Watch live: President Obama signs the STOCK Act to ban insider trading by members of Congress.
Join @OFA to help pass President Obama's agenda:
Thanks for spreading the word. #ROAR MT @katyperry: RT @BarackObama: Get affordable coverage starting Oct. 1
Today, #DADT is over. Hear the stories of four men and women who served under the law:
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing:
The definition of hope is you still believe, even when it's hard.
Next stop: Kansas. Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics.
Health insurance can save you thousands of dollars in medical bills.
Even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance. #ScarierThanHalloween
FACT: Thanks to health care reform, women can now receive birth control with zero copay, saving some women up to $600 a year. #progress
This week s Friday Facts: President Obama s newest initiatives to help homeowners, students, and veterans.
.@MichelleObama sent around a Father's Day card for the President earlier this week, and you can sign it here:
Today's the National Day to #DemandAction to reduce gun violence. Share the President's plan to help make it happen:
Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate change join the #UnitedOnClimate conversation:
"There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." President Obama
More good news on #Obamacare: Prices on the new health care exchange are looking good.
Stand with the President to reduce gun violence:
You have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. Join the movement:
Immigration reform would strengthen the housing market due to stronger demand in areas hit hardest by the recession. #StandWithOurFuture
Holding get out the vote events in both IN and NC. To find your polling locations for tomorrow's elections visit
A minority in the Senate is blocking a vote on a jobs bill for small businesses, and that's a shame. It's time to move forward.
In South Dakota. Visited Mt. Rushmore last night, Rapid City this morning. Watch the video from Rapid City at
Stand up for middle-class workers add your name to support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule:
FACT: The U.S. wind sector supports 75,000 American jobs including workers at manufacturing facilities, engineers, and construction workers.
"What we've seen is that health care costs have slowed drastically in some areas since we passed the Affordable Care Act." President Obama
If you re young (or young at heart) and support President Obama, here s the site for you:
Organizers on the ground are counting on you to ramp up their work in battleground states. Pitch in $5 or more today:
Chag Sameach. #HappyHanukkah
Having a little bit of fun:
Two of our state teams are going head to head in the run-up to Sunday s big game @OFA_MA v. @OFA_NY, most new followers by kickoff wins! #FF
"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." President Obama
President Obama recorded a message for @OFA supporters about @Obamacare. Watch here:
Today, I believe that as a nation, we are moving forward again.
Congress is hearing advocates of #immigration reform loud and clear, says @tnr:
Making a statement about the suspicious packages discovered on two planes last night. Watch live at 4:15pm ET.
President Obama: "The time for bickering is over. The time for games has passed. Now is the season for action." #hc09
President Obama: Gridlock and willful indifference can't get in the way of hard working American families. #OpportunityForAll
Join @OFA volunteers who are calling on Congress to #RaiseTheWage.
"Every decision I make is aimed at one goal that is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." President Obama #ConnectED
Change is a president who will stand up for choice.
POTUS: Gov. Romney s experience has been in investing in companies that were the pioneers of outsourcing.
LAST CALL: Add your name tonight to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution.
No one ever said the fight for change would be easy that's why it needs you:
Hosting a congressional picnic at the White House. Watch live:
President Obama on the Romney-Ryan mindset: If you can t afford to go to college, borrow money from your parents.
Despite what @SpeakerBoehner said, he has the votes to end this shutdown.
Photo of the day: Bo in the snow.
Congress is heading back to Washington next week: Refuse to be cynical about what they can get done.
President Obama: "I still believe we can do great things, and that here and now we will meet history s test." #hc09
"Because of the people in this room, every time we reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act, we improved it." @VP Biden #VAWA
The President just rejected #KeystoneXL. Add your name to support strong action on climate change:
Have you heard? December 23rd is the deadline to enroll in order to be covered by January 1st:
Ronald Reagan: Class warrior.
Take a few minutes and make sure you re registered to vote then RT this link so your friends can, too:
"We don t have the luxury of all that much time. We need to organize, and it doesn t happen overnight."
A majority of Americans have consistently supported a pathway to citizenship.
RT @banafshehgh: #ILikeObamaCare because unhealthy civilizations cannot compete in the global economy.
Middle-class economics is working.
President Obama: You deserve to know where your elected officials stand. Ask them: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $10.10?
At the #WHScienceFair, President Obama announced programs to train 100,00 new math and science teachers:
"When times get tough, we don't give up. We get up." President Obama #InnovationNation
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system.
Another reason to love @FLOTUS: Dunking on @KingJames.
This is about making sure you succeed because when you succeed, our country succeeds. POTUS on ending education scams targeting soldiers
Despite the efforts of extremists in the House of Representatives, @Obamacare is not shut down:
President Obama: "We re not moving backwards. We re moving forward. That s why I m running for re-election."
One thing you can do today: Download the #Obama2012 app to organize, inform, and spread the word.
"It's 2015. It's time." President Obama on equal pay #LeadOnLeave
"Caring for our planet requires commitment from all of us." President Obama #HappyEarthDay
Introducing #Obama2012's Tumblr:
RT @_kristenmorgan_ @BarackObama paying off one of my student loans.
On November 15th, @OFA volunteers will hit the ground running for health care enrollment:
"Climate change can no longer be denied or ignored." President Obama
Denver, representing:
About to sign the historic Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act:
POTUS: "Today s decision was a victory for people all across this country whose lives will be more secure."
Pennsylvania Republican reps on Twitter: @congressmangt (PA-5), @jimGerlach (PA-6), @repmeehan (PA-7), @repfitzpatrick (PA-8).
Summer may be coming to an end, but this campaign is heating up use the code SUMMERSALE for 25% off in the store:
Voter registration deadlines are coming up. Visit
Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progress fight back:
Join the team that cares about getting America covered:
Retweet if you agree: We have to #ActOnClimate now.
Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progress and you could win a free trip:
Halfway there you've already made 50,000 calls to Congress. Help us reach 100,000:
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to #ActOnClimate:
RT @BenLaBolt: We Can't Wait: new initiative to expand health care workforce, reduce health care costs
ICYMI: Nearly 11.7 million Americans enrolled in health care through the open marketplace.
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to #StopGunViolence in America tune in at 8 p.m. ET on @CNN.
"When we Americans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." President Obama #Cybersecurity
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education. Watch here:
President Obama: "We want the world to know that America is open for business."
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: All donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters.
It's time to #RaiseTheWage:
Watch live: Obama unveils a new research initiative designed to revolutionize our understanding of the human brain.
All across the nation, people demand progress on #immigration reform. See how @OFA took action:
Watch live: President Obama signs a bill to invest in infrastructure and prevent student loan rates from doubling.
"The budget compromise should leave us freer to focus on creating new jobs, not creating new crises." President Obama #SOTU
"I will not walk away from the millions of Americans who need health care, and neither should the people in this chamber." #SOTU
POTUS: I wasn t born into wealth or privilege, but I got a great education because I was born here in the United States of America.
"I want women to control their own health choices, just like I want my daughters to have the same opportunities as your sons." Pres. Obama
Middle-class economics works. #SOTU
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more take a look:
It's time for Congress to #StandWithOurFuture and pass immigration reform.
#Obamacare ends lifetime limits on health coverage.
For the first time in almost four decades, Lori and her family have affordable care.
"We have a huge opportunity, at this moment, to bring manufacturing back. But we have to seize it." #SOTU
Got a minute and a social media account? Here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for progress:
"Our economy is doing better, it's growing." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
"We have a special responsibility to lead. That's what big nations have to do." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Help President Obama win this in the final stretch: Make calls to voters in key states today.
Before the Affordable Care Act, being a woman could have led to 50% higher health care premiums:
A new historic goal in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
President Obama: "Nothing I m proposing tonight should increase our deficit by a single dime." #JobsNow
Don't miss two Presidents discussing health care at #CGI2013. Watch the discussion at 4:55 p.m. ET:
RT @WillReasoner Read about my work with @OFA_IA for #BarackObama:
Go Team USA. #Sochi2014
RT if you agree: We can t afford Mitt Romney s failed policies of the past. We need to keep moving forward.
President Obama addresses the Australian Parliament. Watch live:
It's time to recommit to protecting women's access to safe, legal reproductive care.
Your chance to join the President and First Lady at Sarah Jessica Parker s home in NYC airfare included:
Stand up for American workers add your name if you agree it's time to #LeadOnTrade.
This is how you Slow Jam the News:
President Obama speaks about education in Yeadon, Pennsylvania. Watch live:
Watch live: President Obama speaks about American energy in Maryland.
Warren Buffett s secretary shouldn t pay a higher tax rate than Warren Buffett.
Live in GA? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit reduction.
Paul Ryan's playbook last night: Double-down on falsehoods, hide the details, stay silent on women's rights.
Find out why it's economically beneficial to #ActOnClimate from @GinaEPA:
Awarding the National Medal of Science and the National Medal of Technology and Innovation at 5:25pm ET. Watch live:
Members of Congress from 40 states refuse to accept the science on #climate change. Call them out here:
"If we raise the minimum wage, we won t just put more money in workers pockets they ll spend that money." President Obama #AmericaLeads
With Robert Byrd's passing, West Virginia has lost a true champion, and America has lost a voice of principle and reason.
"What Bobby Kennedy called the ripples of hope that come out when you throw a stone in a lake that's going to be you."
Since GM and Chrysler retooled in June 2009, the U.S. auto industry has added more than 230,000 jobs. #MadeInAmerica
"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase America's energy security." President Obama #KeystoneXL
Happy birthday to Obamacare: two years in, the Affordable Care Act is making millions of Americans' lives better every day.
Climate change will make the intensifying droughts across the West even more extreme and dangerous:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at the #WHScienceFair.
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals allows young people who are American in every way except on paper to keep DREAMing. #DACA
"We could do so much more if we just rallied around a sense of economic patriotism." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
POTUS: "Because we ended the war in Iraq, we were able to refocus our attention on... beginning a transition process in Afghanistan."
Watch: Amazing things can happen when people organize.
RT @donnabrazile: Just voted early in DC. I got my electoral groove on. What about you? Vote early now!
Health insurers are trying to mislead you but their smoke and mirrors won't work this time. Watch:
At a working for change organizing meeting in Orlando, FL. Watch it live at
Sign up for Dashboard to get connected to other #Obama2012 supporters in your neighborhood:
Home for the holidays? It's a great time to talk to friends and family about getting covered.
Super Tuesday is here. Democrats from Oklahoma to Massachusetts are heading to the polls find your polling place here:
RT @a_nem: @OFA_IA's veterans food drive just began but we alreadly have a good turnout!
POTUS: "This is a choice between two fundamentally different visions of how America became great and how it's going to stay great."
"The debate over repealing this law is over. The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." President Obama #7MillionAndCounting
President Obama: "We cannot afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region of the world." #StrongerWithObama
Welcoming Prime Minister Singh of India for the first state visit of this administration. Watch:
FACT: Romney would make the Bush tax cuts for wealthy Americans permanent and add $5 trillion in new tax cuts weighted to the wealthiest.
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030. #ActOnClimate
Humbled.
Week in the field: New organizers came onboard, volunteers got out the vote, and much more.
President Obama: I m not fighting to improve red state schools or blue state schools I m fighting to improve schools in the United States.
Photo of the day:
This is history: @OFA put more than 400k names on the permanent record of people who made health care reform happen.
Retweet if you agree: #ImmigrationReform must provide a path to earned citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants already here.
VIDEO: Go behind the scenes with @OFA and see how volunteers are making a difference. Watch:
President Obama: "I ve got some additional advice on the Romney-Ryan game plan. Punt it away. It won t win the game."
Great news: Financial assistance is cutting monthly premiums for some Americans by 76%, thanks to health care reform.
President Obama's next priority: comprehensive #immigration reform.
RT @petesouza Photo of the Obama family watching the World Cup women's soccer game:
President Obama: Ever since I came into office, one of my biggest priorities has been, How do I support small businesses.
Addressing members of Congress before the historic House vote on health reform. They need to hear from you today, too:
Make sure everyone who sits down with you for #Thanksgivukkah dinner is covered. #GetTalking
RT if you agree: Congress should pass the #BuffettRule next week so middle-class families don't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires.
Your daily action: Pitch in $5 now.
Jingle all the way to getting covered.
If you have an election coming, make sure to register to vote Virginians, your deadline's today. Learn more:
In just the first two weeks of enrollment, 1.5 million Americans applied for affordable health coverage:
Obama: "A clear majority of Americans agreed with a balanced approach to deficit reduction and making sure middle class taxes don't go up."
"We can close the gap between what America is now and what it should be." President Obama
Make your community s rush-hour view a little bit nicer order an #Obama2012 car magnet:
If you re a woman for Obama, there's a free bumper sticker with your name on it. RT so your friends get theirs, too:
A full-time worker earning minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. Sign the petition to raise the wage:
Doctors and nurses across the country support health reform:
"We are going to get all of America covered." President Obama #GetCovered
We're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibility and make amends. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Obama on the devastating impacts of severe budget cuts that will begin Friday if Congress doesn't act:
Mitt Romney v. 20,304 people and counting:
Share this with anyone thinking about buying health insurance on the new marketplace: a quick cost estimator.
Watch live: On the Road to Charlotte, President Obama speaks in Boulder, Colorado.
"When we say that we've got your back, I promise you, we keep our word." President Obama in #Moore, OK today
It's more important than ever to take action on the issues that matter most. Tell @OFA what you're fired up about:
The time left to get covered is slipping away. Don't miss out:
Chip in $5 and help fight for the agenda Americans voted for in 2012:
"All people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." President Obama #LoveWins
Ask the President a question about college affordability for his Tumblr Q&amp;A tomorrow:
.@jrsarne: You have a huge stake. Decisions of next four years will shape the country for generations to come. -Axe
Equal pay for equal work. A woman's right to make her own health decisions. This is what's at stake in this election:
Help President Obama celebrate his birthday in Chicago:
President Obama in New Hampshire: We can t grow this economy from the top down. This economy grows from the middle out."
We, the people, still believe that our obligations as Americans are not just to ourselves, but to all posterity.
President Obama: Today, the United States of America is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in the last two decades.
87 people die every day from gun violence in America and it's time to do something about it.
Joe Biden has officially been sworn in for a second term. Congratulations, Mr. Vice President.
Want to help tell the story of how #Obamacare is helping millions of Americans? Vote for your favorite sticker now:
Tip of the day: Create your own list of reasons to support the campaign, then send them to your friends and family.
We've got a crucial fundraising deadline coming up. Can you pitch in $5 today to help build this organization?
A $5 donation to @OFA will go a long way in supporting the agenda Americans voted for last November:
Find out if you can vote early in your state:
The #CostOfInaction on immigration is having a real affect on local communities. Read these letters to the editor:
President Obama is fighting for families like the McLaughlins:
"Michelle says I don't look a day over 51." President Obama as the crowd in Phoenix sings him "Happy Birthday"
Add your voice to say #ThisIsReal. It's time to act on climate change.
Get covered today: Sign up right now to get health coverage that begins January 1st.
Follow @OFA_OH to keep up with volunteers working hard this weekend to make sure Buckeyes vote #NoOn2 this election. #FF
Happening now: The President's #MakeCollegeAffordable tour continues in Syracuse.
Making a phone call to the crews of the Space Shuttle Discovery & the International Space Station at 5:03pm ET. Listen:
There's a lot to do during the holidays. Check this off your to-do list now:
In cities across America, the living wage has outpaced the federal minimum wage. It's time to #RaiseTheWage
"Let's recommit ourselves to achieving an AIDS-free generation in our lifetimes." President Obama
Obama: "I promise to do everything I can, every day, to make this country a place where hard work and responsibility mean something."
The story behind a famous photograph:
Pitch in $5 before midnight and be automatically entered to help the President celebrate his birthday in Chicago:
Working families in America should have the basic security of paid sick leave. #LeadOnLeave
Have you seen our new #Obama2012 women s T-shirt? Get yours today:
Stand with President Obama: Tell Republicans in Congress to extend tax cuts for middle-class families.
Visited Louisiana today to look into the oil spill first hand--we will do whatever it takes for as long as it takes to address this crisis.
This is it President Obama's final #SOTU. Say you'll be watching:
President Obama: It's time to stop rooting for failure. Hard working middle class families are rooting for success. #Obamacare
If you give me your vote, I promise you will continue to have a president who hears your voices. A president who fights for your families.
Mitt Romney says he s a Washington outsider, but the web of influence surrounding him says otherwise:
Addressing the National Governors Association at 11am ET with Vice President Biden. Watch live:
FACT: The President s Jobs Council has recommended that Congress increase hiring by investing in upgrades to our roads, ports, and airports.
We succeed when the middle class gets bigger, when there are ladders of opportunity for those striving to get into the middle class.
Proud to announce that at 9:23pm CT, we hit our goal of 450,000 grassroots donors. #TeamObama
NFL fans on both sides of the aisle hope the refs' lockout is settled soon. -bo
President Obama talks about his father:
Reaching out in Florida:
Quick progress report: as of 2:15pm CT, we're at 480,654 donors.
Want to get involved? Host a Women for Obama house party on Feb. 22 to build support in your community:
"Wow": Americans react to Mitt Romney's comments about 47% of the country.
President Obama on the Emancipation Proclamation, issued by President Lincoln 150 years ago today:
Our commitment to religious freedom must be unshakable all faiths are welcome in this country.
You can help win this election right now. Pick up your phone and call voters in key states:
Sea levels are rising due to #climate change, potentially threatening U.S. cities:
POTUS: "Last night, Gov. Romney took another stab at trying to sell us on his $5 trillion tax cut that favors the wealthy." #SketchyDeal
Remember the quarter finals: this team is indomitable. 1-1 with 10 to go. Let's go, #uswnt
Don t put it off any longer: #GetCoveredNow.
In honor of today s groundbreaking ceremony, here s a first look at the Museum of African American History and Culture:
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
In 19 days, you can choose to turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, gays, women or you can stand up and say I want to move forward.
Watch this week's address where President Obama lays out bipartisan opportunities to help the American people:
Check out some #My2K stories, then share your own:
"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." President Obama to @OFA supporters
Tune in at 12:30 p.m. ET to see @VP Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important:
FACT: The U.S. has more than 400 manufacturing facilities in 43 states involved in wind turbine manufacturing. #MadeInAmerica
President Obama s home refinancing plan would save the average homeowner $3,000 a year:
More Americans are discovering health care at an affordable price. See for yourself:
"Our journey moves forward, our future is hopeful, and the state of our Union will always be strong." #SOTU
President Obama: "I'm betting that you will be as fired up as you were in 2008, because you know the stakes."
This is a big deal: Our economy is growing and we're reducing carbon pollution. Here's how:
The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to date thanks to #Obamacare:
It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policies add your name if you agree:
RT @Obama2012: "Big Three auto sales roar in May":
"Let everybody out there know: It's the last call. It's time to get covered." @OFA Executive Director Jon Carson at the #ActionSummit
President Obama: "We ve doubled the amount of renewable, clean energy we generate from sources like wind and solar."
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Congress needs to pass #ENDA to create federal protections for LGBT workers:
With the House expected to vote on interest rates tomorrow, tell Congress to keep college affordable:
Visiting the Savannah Technical College to discuss job creation. Listen live at 12:30pm ET:
Looking for stocking stuffers? Look no further:
President Obama: #ImmigrationReform "is about incredible young people who understand themselves to be Americans."
Live in IA? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit reduction.
Can you take a minute to fill out a quick survey on what's next for Organizing for America in 2010?
Retweet if you're glad insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on people's coverage. #Obamacare
Help spread these stories of folks who have gotten covered for less than $100/month:
Americans today are showing senators they're not done fighting to prevent gun violence. Join in:
This one s hard to turn down chip in $3 for a chance to meet the President at George Clooney s house:
Hear what folks on the factory floor in Iowa have to say about the comeback of American manufacturing:
On the brink of a major milestone -- the Senate set to vote on the historic health insurance reform bill tomorrow at 7am ET.
President Obama: "Every dollar we invest in high-quality early education can save more than $7 later on."
Stand up for the law that's helped 20 million more Americans gain health coverage. Join Team @Obamacare today:
"For more than a year, Republicans in the House have refused to hold a vote." President Obama #ActOnReform
Team #Obamacare needs you:
POTUS: Here in America, you can make it if you try. It doesn t matter what you look like, where you come from, what church you worship in."
FACT: Romney said it was tragic to bring troops home from Iraq.
New #ACA contraception guidelines will save money for women while respecting individual religious beliefs:
Seven senators blocking #Gina4EPA are also climate deniers. Fed up? Call them out:
Winter is coming, but these sweatshirts are perfect for fall:
Donate today your contribution will be matched dollar for dollar:
"We've got to make sure that every woman has the opportunities that she deserves. When a woman succeeds, America succeeds." President Obama
President Obama vowed that 2014 would be a year of action. Read how he delivered on that promise:
DYK: Under #Obamacare, millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn 26.
"We need to make sure the voices of those we've lost are the loudest ones we hear in this fight." VP Joe Biden on gun violence prevention
Don t tell me that students who can t afford college should just borrow money from their parents.
President Obama: "I have made reforms that have saved seniors with Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription drugs."
President Obama: "Let's go vote. Let's go do this."
Tell Republicans in Congress to stop severe cuts to education:
1.4 million people say the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention is not over. It's time Congress listened.
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about it add your name if you agree:
This Black Friday, take 10% off all purchases of #Obama2012 gear with code 10%TURKEYDAY:
In North Las Vegas. Addressed our housing crisis. In Las Vegas, 1 out of every 44 households is facing foreclosure. It is time for a change.
OFA is committed to using the latest technology to empower voters and volunteers. Download the new Android app:
President Obama: I know what real change looks like because I fought for it."
Focusing on innovation this West Wing Week with events at Penn State and around Washington.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the measures taken to respond to Ebola at home and abroad.
This is huge: President Obama will prohibit federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
President Obama is speaking at the National Council of La Raza's annual conference. Watch live:
RT @AP Another sign of improving US job market as unemployment applications fall to lowest level since March 2008:
The President covered everything from fair pay to education reform last night. What was your favorite part of the speech? #SOTU
Today there are more than 7 million new reasons why health care reform matters. Thanks for fighting for it:
Spread the truth: Reform will prevent insurance companies from rationing your care.
Tonight's budget deadline matters. Chip in now:
David Axelrod on what the deficit debate is really about:
A word from @JohnTheCho on the crazy stuff that goes down when you're young and reckless:
Romney Economics: It didn't work then, and it won't work now.
Messina to supporters on Iowa just now: "Watching the circus on TV, it's tempting to think it's almost funny but this is not a joke."
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join @OFA's Truth Team:
Watch live: President Obama speaks at a Cinco de Mayo reception at the White House.
.@Messina2012 reports back on our Q4 fundraising numbers and serves up a challenge:
"We won this country's freedom together. We built this country together. We defended this country together." President Obama #ActOnReform
Tell climate deniers in Congress to stop ignoring the overwhelming science on climate change.
You own this campaign so you deserve to be the first to hear the news.
RT @OFA_PA: .@janeslusser welcomes everyone to our new Scranton office. #opendoors2012
President Obama: Gov. Romney says he s going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood.
Paid leave should be a right for all workers not just a privilege. Let's #LeadOnLeave. #SOTU
"I didn't know I was paid unfairly, and I had no way to find out." Lilly Ledbetter, on #EqualPay #FairFutureNow
Committing to vote on Facebook is a simple act that could reach thousands of key voters by Tuesday s elections.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at a town hall in Cincinnati about the choice we face in November.
This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it going chip in $5 or more today:
You can follow live tweets of the President's energy speech on @Obama2012.
Check ups: covered under Obamacare.
Progress happens when people fight for it. Join the movement say you're in:
We can t stand by while pink slips are given to those who educate our children or keep our communities safe.
A government shutdown could delay student loans all in the name of defunding #Obamacare. Say #EnoughAlready:
These @OFA volunteers are making their voices heard in the fight on #immigration reform:
Full-time workers earning the national minimum wage make only $14,500 a year. That's not enough:
"Let s pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year. President Obama #SOTU
The health reform address to Congress will begin at 8pm ET. Watch it live on TV or online here:
"It s hard not to support someone who fights for you like that."
"You know where I stand. You know what I believe. You know that I mean what I say and I say what I mean." President Obama
Get the tools you need to organize your community for President Obama:
Every American should be able to marry the person they love. #LoveIsLove,
President Obama: We just won the fight to keep federal student loan rates from doubling for more than 7 million students.
Just 43 days till summer recess: Tell Congress it s time to act on jobs.
Join us Thursday for an online screening &amp; panel of @TheDreamisNow, a documentary following four DREAMers. RSVP now:
97 percent of climate scientists agree climate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action:
FACT: The President's plan calls on Congress to raise the minimum wage for tipped workers which hasn't been increased in more than 20 years.
RT @OFA_IA: "Hello Iowa!" - @barackobama taking the stage at #obamadsm
It's not too late get your vintage tee today.
Retweet if you agree that women in America deserve a #FairShot.
DYK: Thanks to #Obamacare, you can use your parents' health insurance until you're 26. Check it out:
"We are all created equal." President Obama #LoveWins
FACT: President Obama has supported lending to &gt;166K small businesses through community banks, state-run loan programs and the SBA. #SBW2013
Being a father is sometimes my hardest but always my most rewarding job. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. -BO
Before Paul Ryan speaks at the GOP Convention tonight, see why the Romney-Ryan plan would hurt middle-class families:
The tax deal means income tax rates for middle class families will stay low permanently:
RT @kalpenn: Looking forward 2 joining @stefcutter & @OFA_MI for a rad #GreaterTogether Student Summit this Thursday @UMich.
Ready for Opening Day.
"There are commentators out there saying that the pay gap doesn't even exist... It's not a myth, it's math." President Obama #FairFutureNow
"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." President Obama on rejecting the #KeystoneXL
The President s American Opportunity Tax Credit worth up to $10,000 over 4 years helps middle-class families send kids to college. #progress
"I'll fight to make sure this generosity of spirit continues in future generations." Meet Nora and her family:
"Education was my gateway to opportunity. That's why I'm standing here today." President Obama
Tens of millions of Americans have benefited from #Obamacare. Make sure you're one of them. #GetCovered
The Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park, deep dish pizza: You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer.
A look at why our economy can't afford tax hikes on the middle class and small businesses:
"American leadership is the one constant in an uncertain world." President Obama #AmericaLeads
Chris has been sailing most of his life and he's seen the impacts of climate change firsthand:
"More young people are graduating from college than ever before." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"We can t afford more top-down economics. What we need are policies that will grow and strengthen the middle class."
"We understand that America is not about what can be done for us. It s about what can be done by us, together, as one nation &amp; one people."
President Obama, arriving in a cold and sunny Wisconsin this morning:
"If we want a strong middle class, then our tax code must reflect our values." President Obama
"It's one of the most important things I do." President Obama on reading 10 letters from Americans each day #OpportunityForAll
It's National Popcorn Day. What's your favorite flavor?
Take it from @ActuallyNPH: The choice in this election is too important not to vote.
FACT: The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first bill signed into law by President Obama. #EqualPay
Find out how @OFA is taking action on climate change and how you can get involved:
"This is what makes America exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world. President Obama
Have questions about the historic #IranDeal? Follow @TheIranDeal for information and updates. #FF
"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." President Obama #ActOnClimate
After today, the #SafeClimateCaucus will have made 100 climate speeches in Congress. It's time deniers accept the facts and #ActOnClimate.
Want to meet James Taylor? Donate today and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to go backstage:
Obama 2012 is now on Pinterest. Included: fast facts, updates from the field, and, yes, a few photos of Bo.
You can help get out the vote among all your friends, right from your Facebook account.
Mitt Romney s convention reinvention: Rated N for not gonna work.
Tune in at 4:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the economy at Lawson State Community College:
"Hello OFA!" President Obama at the #ActionSummit
"A whole lot of fathers would love to be home for their babies' first weeks in the world." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
President Obama: Last night, he claimed to support my plan to end the war in Afghanistan. But he has opposed a timeline.
There's been progress in job creation and economic growth, but Congress can do more to help the economy along:

Iowans want wind energy tax credits extended, but Mitt Romney would let them expire costing thousands of jobs:
President Obama broke bread today with Scott, Valarie, Kathie, and Bill, the four winners of #DinnerWithBarack
Tomorrow President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET.
Jan, a mother of two and a full-time student, supports President Obama s plans to create jobs and help students:
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance:
RT @MichelleObama: The First Lady loved answering the questions you tweeted! Watch what she had to say:
Speaking at the Disabled American Veterans national convention in Atlanta. Watch live at 11:30 am ET.
Sign the petition demanding Congress take action to expand background checks for gun sales now:
Say you were a part of the final push to help Americans get covered:
Mitt Romney launched a "One-Term Fund" last night to defeat President Obama. Be a part of our response:
"We re no longer content to wait for the next Newtown, or the next Aurora, before we find the will to act." President Obama #DemandAction
By appealing not to people s fears but to their hopes and ideals, we can put politics aside for an immigration system that is accountable.
"I want us to give more Americans the chance to earn the skills that businesses are looking for right now." President Obama
Wishing for health reform this holiday season? Sign this card to Congress:
1.4 million and counting: It is unacceptable for Congress to leave this many job seekers without a lifeline. It's time to #RenewUI.
President Obama: "We don t just attract the best scientists or the best entrepreneurs we also continually invest in their success."
"In the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage." President Obama #SOTU
Speaking about the urgent need for health insurance reform this morning at Arcadia University watch live at 11:00am ET
It s sweatshirt weather this one goes well with a canvassing clipboard:
"African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." President Obama
Since April 2011, a total of 1.64 million people have pitched in to own a piece of this campaign. #Obama2012
"There s nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." President Obama
The economy added 271,000 jobs in October a record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
America can't stand by and let other countries #LeadOnTrade. We have to step up and write free and fair trade rules.
President Obama: What we need is somebody who is out there fighting for the middle class and wants to grow the middle class.
Before your friends vote, make sure they know the choice on taxes in this election:
"So much of America needs to be rebuilt right now." POTUS calls on Congress to pass a bipartisan transportation bill:
POTUS on our sacred trust with veterans: As long as I m President, I will not allow VA health care to be turned into a voucher system.
It's on: Watch the 2014 State of the Union address.
President Obama: Every woman should be in charge of the decisions that affect her own health.
President Obama: The people of Ohio don t forget. If Mitt Romney had been president _ we might not have an American auto industry.
President Obama: "In the U.S., no child should have a dream deferred because of a crumbling classroom."
RT @RichardTrumka: The AFL-CIO has just voted proudly and enthusiastically to endorse @BarackObama for a second term as President
Get your camera ready this is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
Great first half from Team USA -- keep it up in the second! #USWNT
Three days left:
This is important: President Obama is urging the @FCC to keep the internet open and free.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on No Child Left Behind reforms.
On education, President Obama will: "shake up the system, tackle rising costs &amp; improve value for middle-class students and their families."
Good news: 2015 was another great year for clean energy growth.
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: Remember when too few health care plans included maternity coverage?
President Obama: You will not be defined by the difficulties you face, but how you respond with strength and grace.
Starting today, veterans can use My Next Move, a website to help them connect with employers who are looking to hire veterans.
The President's view on Monday:
There are enough votes in the House to end the shutdown. @SpeakerBoehner: #JustVote.
Hurricane season furloughs "could have a detrimental effect on everybody's public safety." Read more:
Retweet if you believe everyone should be able to marry the person they love. #LoveIsLove
We can tackle climate change but it's going to take all of us working together. #ActOnClimate
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: You re on your own that s not an economic plan. We can t just cut our way to prosperity. #DontDoubleMyRate
In Indiana today & will be on Meet the Press for the full hour from Indianapolis tomorrow. Check airtimes:
Happy holidays!
"We have to all shoulder the responsibility for keeping the planet habitable, or we'll suffer the consequences together." President Obama
In Lake Forest, CA at the Saddleback Leadership and Compassion Forum. Watch it live at CNN or streamed at
All the tools you need to help organize your community for #Obama2012 on one iPhone app:
President Obama s plan would give tax breaks to companies who invest in America, not ones that ship jobs overseas:
POTUS: "In the 21st century, higher education can t be a luxury it s an economic imperative that every American should be able to afford."
Add your name. Get entered to win a trip for two to D.C. Meet the President. It's that easy.
More than 2.2 million people fund this campaign. Join them:
Get covered on February 1st:
Retweet this if you think now is the time for comprehensive #ImmigrationReform.
Carl is a music student and piano teacher who made his first campaign donation this week.
The March 1st deadline is approaching. #GetCovered today:
Tag, you re it:
President Obama's asked Congress to do the right thing on taxes but they also need to hear from you:
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a town hall at @BenedictEDU about youth opportunities.
You re no victim. You earned your benefits. Don t let Mitt Romney take them away.
Sign of support. #Obama2012
Over 3 million hours and counting pledged to support candidates who fight for health reform. Have you pledged?
What would President Obama s middle-class tax cut of $1,500 mean for you? #WeCantWait
POTUS: I am asking you to help me recruit 100,000 math and science teachers in the next 10 years, and improve early childhood education.
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." President Obama #SOTU #RaiseTheWage
President Obama: "By the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over."
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Cleveland-area doctors support the #ACA here s why:
Three years after President Obama nominated Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court, her story still inspires:
Joshua got covered so that he could stay healthy without worrying about expensive premiums.
The values we believe in don t just belong to workers or businesses; the rich or the poor; the 1% or the 99%. They belong to all of us."
Launching "Vote for Change" an unprecedented 50-state voter registration & mobilization drive. Visit:
In 54 straight months of job growth, the economy has added 10 million private-sector jobs. There's still more to do.
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Tell Congress we should close tax loopholes for millionaires before cutting vital services:
RT @OFA_OH A packed house here at our Cincinnati office opening! #OpenDoors #Obama2012
On Romney: The man onstage last night he does not want to be held accountable for what the real Romney s been saying for the last year.
Pitch in $5 if you support the candidate in this race who's fighting for all Americans President Obama:
President Obama in Maumee, Ohio today: I m not a Democrat first; I m an American first.
The need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear. #DoYourJob
With 12% of post-9/11 veterans unemployed, President Obama announced a series of measures today to help vets get back to work. #WeCantWait
It's unthinkable that in 2014 someone could be fired because of who they are or whom they love:
A Louisville salute for the 2013 NCAA men's basketball champion @UofLCardinals.
How did your November 6th Day of Action event go? #WeCantWait
My favorite memory was bringing my son to man the phones with me at the Royal Oak, MI campaign office.
President Obama will address the nation this evening regarding the situation in Syria. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET.
Summer:
98% of the donations people made this quarter were $250 or less, and the average amount was $56.
If you're a small business owner for Obama, write a letter to share why you've got the President's back:
This is unprecedented. #DoYourJob
Speaking at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce at 11:30am ET.
The sequence of events today: @VP takes oath at 11:45am ET; President takes oath at 11:55am ET and delivers inaugural address at noon ET.
Celebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th:
"The bank bailout was about as popular as a root canal. But I promised I wouldn t just do what was popular I would do what was necessary."
A few things you should know about this race in the aftermath of yesterday's news:
Wondering what the #RecoveryAct has done for our country since its passage one year ago? Watch the new #OFA video:
Join millions who have already made their voices heard:
To participate in the Inauguration visit
Democrat or Republican, #Obamacare is helping Americans:
Sign this petition: Stand for a higher minimum wage.
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform.
Watch live: President Obama holds a White House news conference.
"#ImmigrationReform will help millions of people who are struggling to support their families." Cristina P.
Troubled by today's unemployment figures, the latest indicator of how badly America needs fundamental change from Bush-McCain policies.
No more excuses. It's time to #ActOnClimate:
The Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level.
Today the Senate confirmed Gina McCarthy as head of the @EPA. This is a victory for common-sense environmental policy.
A few thousand votes could decide this election but millions of eligible voters aren t registered. You can change that:
#HCR meeting resumes after lunch at 1:45pm ET. Watch it live:
Yesterday, 224 members of Congress voted to deport DREAMers. Add your voice and say that you #StandWithDREAMers:
"We can make this happen. Just imagine what it will mean for our country if we do." President Obama on putting Wi-Fi in schools #ConnectED
President Obama: "Those of us who ve been sent here to serve can learn from the service of our troops."
We can help big factories &amp; small businesses double their exports. We can create a million new manufacturing jobs in the next 4 years.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Help those affected by Hurricane Isaac by supporting the American Red Cross:
Deadline tonight help rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable Americans:
President Obama: The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment. #LeadOnTrade #SOTU
Only 3 days left for Congress to stop a student loan rate hike for 7.4 million students. Tell them #DontDoubleMyRate:
Make sure your friends show up to the polls tomorrow pass on this link:
On Saturday supporters reached out to more than 1.1 million voters. I need you to keep fighting make calls tonight.
Spread the word: There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured Americans who may be eligible to #GetCovered in 2016.
President Obama: "Tonight, I m announcing a non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America." #SOTU
Check out how @OFA supporters are calling for a fair #SCOTUS hearing and timely up-or-down vote:
Speaking in Fort Madison, IA on the growth of our economy at 2:10 pm ET:
"All told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." President Obama
Be prepared @FallonTonight @MichelleObama can hold her own.
GOP former Sec. of State &amp; retired four-star general Colin Powell on why he supports President Obama in this election:
Drop everything: Watch this it's time to get covered and stay covered.
Apply. Shop. Buy. Be covered on January 1st:
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change.
In Texas getting out the vote! Tell friends in Ohio, Rhode Island, Texas & Vermont to vote today. More info at:
This West Wing Week: moving forward on plans to improve our infrastructure through high-speed rail & broadband access.
Have a great weekend.
President Obama is counting on all of us to tell Congress what tax hikes would mean for our families. Weigh in here:
Retweet if you think Congress should help rein in the burden of student loan debt. #OpportunityForAll
FACT: Obama s plan to reduce the deficit by more than $4 trillion asks the wealthy to pay a little more and cuts spending we don t need.
.@Messina2012: "We got beat."
For an insider s view of the campaign and answers to questions, check out @Obama2012. #FF
We just started up a Google+ page. Check it out and let us know what you d like to see on it:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition.
Kicking off the road to Charlotte in Iowa:
Making sure that employers play by the same rules is an essential part of smart, comprehensive #ImmigrationReform.
Want to see the impact of @OFA supporters on gun violence prevention? Check out this map of local press coverage.
There's nothing we can't do.
Tricks, treats, and hugs. #HappyHalloween
It's time to #GetCovered. Watch:
Mitt Romney paid a lower tax rate last year than many middle-class Americans and he says that s fair :
Holding a town hall in Rolla, MO. Watch it live at
Play ball.
Why would we want to go backward to the same theory that didn t work before? President Obama
President Obama on why the decisions that Mitt Romney made when in the private sector matter:
If you have the chance to join President Obama for dinner, what will you talk with him about? We'll RT your best ideas. #DinnerWithBarack
How tax cuts will protect the middle class, create jobs, and give our recovery an added shot of momentum:
The Senate has the chance to pass #ENDA. Stand with LGBT workers add your name today:
POTUS: "We re going to keep fighting, right now, to make our economy stronger; to put our friends and neighbors back to work faster."
Let's keep fighting for real, lasting change:
POTUS: "No one who fights for this country should have to fight for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home."
Thanks to #Obamacare, 16.4 million more Americans have the security of health coverage.
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join @OFA's Truth Team:
"Michelle and I are only where we are today because scholarships and student loans gave us a shot" President Obama #MakeCollegeAffordable
Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds.
"The transition to clean energy has the potential to grow our economy and create millions of good, middle-class jobs."
What does our new website mean for your cell phone bill? Our digital team explains:
Of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial:
Watch live: President Obama speaks to troops, veterans, and military families at Fort Stewart in Georgia.
President Obama spoke today on #SmarterGov: Ways to make government smarter, more efficient and more innovative.
Due to the #sequester, nearly 20 percent of scientists are considering moving overseas. More from @huffingtonpost:
Retweet if you believe Congress shouldn't let one faction of one party drive our economy into a ditch. #EndThisNow
Show your support for the President everywhere you go with an Obama-Biden car magnet:
Cecile Richards: "Mitt Romney would not only set us back four years he'd set us back 40 years in America."
We'll be covering the final day of the Democratic National Convention on @Obama2012 today follow along for updates from on the ground.
Retweet if you agree that women deserve equal pay for equal work. #OpportunityForAll
Give $5, and say you were a part of this in 2013:
FACT: When President Obama took office, we were losing 800,000 jobs a month, but his policies have helped get the economy growing again.
FACT: A vast majority of the 47% of Americans who Romney insulted pay a large percentage of their income in taxes.
Add your name if you agree: Higher wages are key to a stronger economy and that starts with a higher minimum wage.
We need to out-innovate, out-educate, and out-build the rest of the world. We have to make America the best place to do business. #SOTU
Get ready enter for your chance to meet President Obama:
Today, #LoveIsLove in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discrimination join them:
Before the Affordable Care Act, access to health care could be a gamble:
Of the 1,825,813 people who donated in September, 567,000 were new to this organization not having given before in 2008 or 2012.
Urging all Americans who want health reform to make their voices heard now
President Obama: "Go to
This minute, we're at 464,880 grassroots donors. We're so close to our new goal just 10k to go.
You're not an Incredible. #GetCovered #RuinAPixarMovie
BUZZER BEATER: There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now.
And then I find out I'm going to have dinner with the President and I don't even have to cook!
How long will Congress keep more than a million American job seekers #OutInTheCold? It's time to #RenewUI:
Everyone should see this new ad from the campaign:
Will you join me for a live webcast for #OFA supporters at 8:00pm ET?
We'll be live-tweeting the President's speech over at @Obama2012.
Meet Debbie Bosanek the inspiration behind the "Buffett Rule":
"Women make immeasurable contributions to our world." President Obama #HappyInternationalWomensDay
Malena A: I invite Romney to spend one whole week in my class (8-2:30) with 38 sixth graders and then we'll see if class size matters.
"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." President Obama
A Vietnam veteran on how President Obama has stood up for servicemembers, and why he's in for 2012:
A great battle pitting the interests of banks & financial institutions against interests of students has come to an end.
President Obama in Oklahoma: Producing more oil and gas here at home will continue to be a critical part of our energy strategy.
An update on the bipartisan agreement to prevent a tax hike on 98% of Americans, straight from President Obama:
We'll be live-tweeting the President's #ACA remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Can you host a State of the Union watch party next Tuesday?
In the weekly address, @SenWarren joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform.
You can be a part of @OFA's work for the agenda the American people voted for in 2012. Chip in today:
We are more alike than we are different:
Watch: Last night, President Obama addressed the nation about the threat from ISIL.
Retweet if you #StandWithDREAMers. Yesterday's House vote does not represent our values.
"I absolutely cannot afford to lose my job, nor my health insurance, due to the possible sequestration." Candice R.
In 19 days, you get to choose the top-down policies that got us into this mess or the policies that are getting us out of this mess.
Shopping for gifts? Order from the #Obama2012 store today to guarantee they arrive before Christmas:
This deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for change chip in today:
Check out President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters and volunteers:
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators. #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
"Thousands of people are signing up and saving money as we speak." President Obama on @Obamacare
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin:
RT if you agree: It's time for Congress to make our kids and communities safer by closing background check loopholes for gun sales.
Obama: Number 2: I want to cut our oil imports in half by 2020 so we control more of our own energy.
"Our country needs it." See why this small business owner wants to #RaiseTheWage:
Last chance to go to the Democratic National Convention as Michelle s guest and meet the President airfare included:
The clear choice on protecting Israel. #StrongerWithObama
Team Obamacare is for anyone who thinks all Americans deserve access to quality, affordable health care:
We can't afford to wait any longer. #WhatWillItTake for Congress to prevent future tragedies?
Want to help spread the word about health care, but don't have time on your calendar? Chip in instead:
They actually did it. A group of Republicans in the House just forced a government shutdown over Obamacare instead of passing a real budget.
Today s Senate Judiciary Committee vote is a bipartisan affirmation of Elena Kagan's strong performance during her confirmation hearings.
GM is back: Are we stronger, faster than some may have expected? Good for us. Good for America.
When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and #ActOnClimate.
"Because of the Recovery Act, there are about two million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed." #SOTU
Supporters from Kingston to Nashua gathered last night to talk next steps for #Obama2012 and hear from @VP Biden:
In Orlando, FL. At an "Early Vote for Change Rally" with Hillary Clinton. Watch it live at
Sending warmest wishes to all who are celebrating Hanukkah around the world.
LIVE: President Obama is welcoming the @ussoccer_wnt to celebrate their World Cup victory.
What does yesterday's fiscal cliff agreement mean for you? President Obama explains:
As you prepare to vote, think through how and when you will do so and look up your polling place in advance:
It's time to work together to get people covered. #Obamacare
Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's #WHCD:
A majority of Americans support limiting carbon pollution from power plants to combat climate change. Learn more:
Read Kal Penn s op-ed calling on young adults to get politically active:
RT @OFA_OH: "Ohio is for Obama, and Obama is for Ohio!" -- Mayor of Columbus @MichaelBColeman. #ReadyToGo
Christmas is coming. Make sure this happens too:
Join White House experts for a live chat on the way forward in Afghanistan at 4:00pm ET.
Check out President Obama s plan to crack down on price manipulation in the oil markets:
Sign up for Dashboard to get connected to other #Obama2012 supporters in your neighborhood:
President Obama said he d fight to make college more affordable here s how he delivered:
President Obama at the VFW Convention: Veterans of Foreign Wars, in you I see the same shining values the virtues that make America great.
FACT: 97% of scientists and NASA accept the science of climate change. #ActOnClimate
This is wrong: In 24 states, leaders are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions of Americans.
RT @cubbie172000: #ILikeObamacare cause it will allow me to get better insurance w/better coverage w/pre-existing conditions in 2014!
Stand by the #BuffettRule to ensure millionaires stop getting tax breaks they didn t ask for and don t need:
President Obama has a specific plan to create jobs and grow the economy. Mitt Romney doesn't:
"And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." President Obama
"This is where they want to be." To keep talented entrepreneurs in America, #ImmigrationReform is a must. See why:
Climate change deniers are at it again:
Be part of this grassroots movement:
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court add your name if you agree:
This West Wing Week: a wreath-laying ceremony at the Pentagon 9/11 memorial and kicking off the new school year.
Get an exclusive look at Prime Minister Cameron s visit, watch the unemployment benefits bill signing, and more.
Taxes will go up for 114 million American families if Congress doesn't act. Make calls today:
New CBO report shows #sequester will cost U.S. economy up to 1.6 million jobs by January 2015 unless Congress acts:
With #Obamacare, people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being cappe _
In the weekly address, President Obama previews his State of the Union address on Tuesday. Watch here:
We can t afford to go backward to the failed policies of the past. We have to move forward. Commit to vote this November.
"If you have better ideas ... stop taking meaningless repeal votes and share your concrete ideas with the country." President Obama
Hello, Joe: @JoeBiden is new on Twitter today, with the latest from the Vice President on the campaign trail.
"If we keep going down this road, then we're going to have a future full of good-paying jobs." President Obama #ActOnClimate
President Obama wants to give America a raise. Watch him discuss raising the minimum wage at 2:30 p.m. ET:
Retweet if you believe America deserves a raise. #RaiseTheWage
Add your name if you think it's time to #FixOvertime protections for hard-working Americans:
Take a stand for equal pay for women:
In Iowa this week. Campaigning today in Mason City, Webster City, Fort Dodge, and Carroll. More info at
From lower loan rates to Pell Grants, President Obama supports students. Let the world know that the feeling's mutual:
President Obama fought for health care reform because it was the right thing to do. Stand with him:
Get involved and meet other supporters in your area with Dashboard, our online organizing tool:
Romney said bringing our troops home from Iraq was "tragic":
If we save even one life from gun violence, it's worth it. Tell Congress: #WeDemandAVote.
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they ve earned." President Obama
"It is the American people who have made the progress of the last six years possible." President Obama #AmericaLeads
So long, Florida:
A special message from the President:
"When you decide it s time for change to happen, you know what? Change happens."
Four years ago, at another rally in the Virginia rain:
$1 billion: Approximate added health care costs women pay each year due to gender discrimination.
If increased student loan rates will affect you, make sure Congress hears about it. Tweet #DontDoubleMyRate now.
HHS will release $1.89 billion in grants to ensure access to life-saving health care for people with HIV/AIDS.
Ask one more person to join this campaign it could make all the difference:
Watch President Obama's #RoshHashanah greeting:
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Russia after the terrible loss of life and injuries from the bombings on the Moscow Metro.
In Charleston, WV urging America to serve our returning heroes as well as they've served us.
We are going to export more products and we are going to outsource fewer jobs. President Obama
In other good news, some members of the Armed Forces whose homes were wrongfully foreclosed will receive compensation.
"We ll work with both parties to _build a housing finance system that s rock-solid for future generations." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Get the facts on how President Obama is strengthening welfare-to-work programs:
"Let s make this a year of action." President Obama #SOTU
Retweet if you agree: State leaders should put #PeopleOverPolitics and stop blocking Medicaid expansion.
New in the #Obama2012 store today: iPhone cases, all proudly made in the USA.
"The day I sign that bill into law, then the actions I've taken will no longer be necessary." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will #DoSomething about it:
Tuesday is a major fundraising deadline for this campaign pitch in $10 now:
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could have a big impact on reducing the deficit.
But, seriously, important fundraising deadline in a few hours:
Emergency room visits won't break your bank account they're now covered in all insurance plans. Check it out:
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum:
Our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in Manchester. Americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the UK.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s remarks on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Why Mitt Romney s end date at his buyout firm matters:
The time for putting party first is over. If you want to see a bipartisan #compromise, let Congress know. Call. Email. Tweet. BO
Have you accepted our challenge yet to bring 50 new people into this campaign for President Obama's 50th?
The "Know Before You Owe" project will help students and their families make an informed financial decision before enrolling in college.
Happening now: Online screening of the powerful documentary, @TheDreamisNow.
Feeling fired up and ready to go on health insurance reform let's get this done. Watch the video:
Be thankful today and don't forget to give back. #HappyThanksgiving
WATCH: The President is speaking at @GeneralElectric in Waukesha, Wisconsin.
President Obama: "We should not raise taxes on middle-class families or small businesses."
FACT: President Obama s student loan reform freed up more than $60 billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. #progress
Another way President Obama supports equal rights: he supports the repeal of DOMA.
Last call! Don t miss your last chance to have dinner with the President before Election Day airfare &amp; hotel are on us:
President Obama's review of Minnesota's new light-rail line: "Fantastic."
The change would allow citizens' undocumented spouses and children to complete most of the legal immigration process without leaving the US.
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. #DoYourJob
Thanks for all the #DinnerWithBarack ideas. Don't miss your chance to join the President for dinner:
"Our businesses have added 10 million new jobs in the last 52 months." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
RT @TruthTeam2012: Miami Herald: "Welcome to FL, Mitt. Now why did Bain Capital lay off so many people in Miami?"
Don't miss your chance to attend a free screening of @TheDreamisNow, a powerful documentary on #DREAMers in America:
RT if you support President Obama's plan to create jobs and grow the middle class. #JobsNow,
What a great view, Virginia! My voice might be getting hoarse, but the energy out here is going strong. -bo
"Part of being principled and part of being a leader is being able to describe exactly what it is you intend to do." President Obama
Honoring America s workers on Labor Day at 3:10pm ET. Watch live:
What November 6th, 2012 could look like:
Support gun violence prevention: Ask Congress #WhatWillItTake to pass common-sense reform.
The President and First Lady sat down to talk about what's at stake for veterans &amp; military families this fall:
This campaign is about to change be there when it does. Enter Backstage with Barack:
"I urge House Republicans to reopen the government." President Obama
Obama: "I don t think any of us who are parents can hear these stories and not think of our own daughters, our own sons." #DemandAction
Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured Americans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options:
Retweet if you think it's time to #ActOnClimate. h/t @GovInslee
Congratulations to Congresswoman-elect Kathy Hochul for her victory tonight in New York's 26th Congressional District.
Progress on tackling climate change is happening and we can't go back. #ActOnClimate
LAST CALL: Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise.
You own this movement. Chip in:
So close! Brilliant strike by @AbbyWambach. #USWNT
Cheer on President Obama in good company tonight. Find a debate watch party near you:
Obama: We have come too far to turn back now. We have come too far to let our hearts grow faint. Now is the time to keep pushing forward.
President Obama supports the STOCK Act, which would ban insider trading by members of Congress. Stand with him:
Retweet if you agree that hard work should pay off. It's time to raise the minimum wage.
It's time for Wall St. reform that gives greater security to folks on Main Street. Call your Republican Senators today:
RT @OFA_SC: South Carolina, join us for a house meeting near you today:
"It's the right thing to do for the planet, but it's also the right thing to do for the bottom line." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Sneaking up on Dad:
Don't miss your chance to #GetCovered:
#Obama2012 donors report back on March results:
David Axelrod will do a Twitter Q&amp;A after the President s speech today you can get your questions in now with the hashtag #Obama2012.
98% of the donations the campaign received in April were less than $250, and the average donation was $50.
Posters? Check. Markers? Check. A whole lot of excited @OFA_OH supporters, #ReadyToGo? Absolutely.
From @VP Biden: Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the #SCOTUS nomination process.
Read how @OFA volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their community.
Luis can tell people he's going to the doctor again. #ThisIsWhy:
Watch what President Obama said today about the situation in Iraq:
Only 21 days before Congress breaks for summer recess. Tell them to pass the President s jobs plan:
FACT: Romney can't pay for his $5 trillion in tax cuts that favor the wealthy without raising middle-class taxes or exploding the deficit.
In Farmington Hills, MI. Holding a "Change We Need" town hall. Watch it live at
You probably don't know Janet from Accokeek, Maryland but you could be having dinner with her and President Obama sometime soon.
"We honor those who walked so we could run. We must run so our children soar." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
RT if you agree: We can't afford severe cuts to education and it's time for Republicans in Congress to stop them.
Happening now: President Obama speaks at the Lincoln Memorial. Tune in live.
"We can't be satisfied are not satisfied until the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in America." President Obama #NAACP106
RT if you support the candidate in this election who s fighting for all Americans not just some:
Photo of the day: President Obama announces new fuel economy standards that will save consumers $1.7 trillion by 2025.
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loophole add your name if you agree:
Fly to California with a +1 to meet the President at George Clooney s house it's a once-in-a-lifetime sort of thing:
More than any election in recent memory, this is a choice between two fundamentally different paths; two fundamentally different visions."
It's time to give American workers the security of paid leave. #LeadOnLeave
14 days from now, this election will be over. Get out and volunteer to help make sure the President wins this thing:
President Obama s health care law cuts waste and strengthens Medicare Romney s repeal plan would bankrupt it by 2016:
The month of August is your chance to pressure lawmakers to make progress for our country.
The Senate just took action on a bipartisan bill to #RenewUI for more than 2 million Americans. It's up to the House to follow suit.
In Pittsburgh, PA. At a "Change We Need Rally. Watch it live at
Have you signed up for your chance to meet the President? @OFA will fly winners to meet him backstage.
POTUS celebrating St. Paddy's this afternoon:
Now is the time to reduce gun violence. Share why you support the President's plan to make it happen:
ICYMI: Through @OFA, you could win free airfare to meet the President.
"First-class infrastructure attracts investment and first-class jobs." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Watch the weekly address: The President wants an economy that benefits everyone, not just a few at the top.
Last month, 567,000 people gave to help grow this organization. #Obama2012
This is your chance. #GetCoveredNow:
Welcoming a VIP.
Pennsylvania: Polls close at 8pm ET, and you can vote as long as you're in line before then. Spread the word.
Get weekly updates on everything from the #SCOTUS nomination process to climate change:
President Obama's crackdown on health care fraud recovered $4 billion last year alone:
Retweet if you agree: It's time to turn the page on an era of housing bubbles and taxpayer bailouts. It's time for #ABetterBargain.
What a week:
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more:
Starting next January, millions of borrowers will have the opportunity to consolidate their student loans into one monthly payment.
Check out the President's final appearance on @TheDailyShow and his newest "executive order":
"When you're president _ Your job is to figure out how everybody in the country has a fair shot." President Obama
Friday Facts: early voting states that offer it, who s doing it, and why it s important to protect it:
"Along with our freedom to live our lives as we will comes an obligation to allow others to do the same." President Obama
What you can do today: Follow @TruthTeam2012 to get the facts you need to fight false attacks on the President.
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward.
This West Wing Week: a tour of Stromberg Sheet Metal, Halloween at the White House, and meeting wounded warriors.
Post Halloween checklist: Coffee: Brunch: Health insurance:
The next chapter of our work begins today. Say you're in, and ask your friends to join you:
In the first 17 days of October, 1,251,291 people came together to raise $90,500,000 for the campaign and combined committees.
Do you have today off for #MLK2012? Make it count by serving your community and helping to register voters:
FACT: If Congress doesn't act by Friday, automatic spending cuts will threaten more than 30,000 teacher and school staff jobs. #JobsNotCuts
Happy birthday @VP. Here's to a great year.
FACT: Obama's plan ends tax breaks for companies to ship jobs overseas and rewards companies that hire here at home. #JobsNow
In 2011, 6 million women on Medicare received free mammograms thanks to the #ACA. How does health care reform help you?
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out:
By 2025, President Obama s fuel efficiency standards will save the average family $8,000 on gas over the life of a new car. #EarthDay2012
Watch: Congress is back this week. Time to demand better from @SpeakerBoehner.
President Obama will not let a group of Republicans take away health care from millions of people. Watch:
The President speaks at 12:10 p.m. CT about the economy and making things the rest of the world buys:
Make sure the women in your life know:
Last night, Paul Ryan hid the truth about how the Romney-Ryan budget would hurt the middle class. Get the facts:
"I am living proof that our immigration system is broken." Jose Magana:
Find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
President Obama: I will wake up every single day fighting as hard as I can for you fighting as hard as I know how for American families.
ENDS TODAY: Win a free trip to @OFA's birthday party in Washington, D.C. enter automatically.
"Our economy grows best, the markets do best, when everybody has a chance to succeed. When everybody has a good education. President Obama
RT @chelliepingree We won!!!!
Help select this year s SAVE Award winner to help government cut waste, save money, and boost performance.
Video: The season's luckiest turkey
Washington Republican reps on Twitter: @herrerabeutler (WA-03), @cathymcmorris (WA-05), @davereichert (WA-08) #compromise
"You're awesome. Live like it." Thanks for reminding us, @iamkidpresident. #TheKidsNeedToKnow
LIVE: President Obama speaks about @Obamacare and the new health insurance marketplace website.
One week into #ActionAugust, @OFA volunteers are making sure Congress hears them. See the press highlights:
Do you want to ask President Obama about #ABetterBargain for homeowners? Tune in today at 1:00 p.m. ET:
The President and First Lady @MichelleObama recap their first date:
The @WhiteHouse is unveiling new government transparency tool today. Join the live chat at 5pm ET:
Almost half of President Obama's confirmed judicial nominees are women, the highest percentage ever.
Grab a friend and join the National Day of Service this Saturday:
If your friends aren't convinced President Obama deserves a second term, share this video with them:
"This one's easy." President Obama
Sign your name to OFA's birthday card and send a note of thanks to President Obama.
Are you hosting a #SOTU2012 watch party? Get your cameras ready and send us your best pics we can t wait to see them.
"In 2012, 13 million rebates went out" President Obama on benefits provided to health insurance customers thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
If you give up on the idea that your voice can make a difference, then other voices will fill the void: lobbyists and special interests.
Today's the last day we're taking names for the chance to join President Obama and President Clinton in New York:
Colorado: Today's your last chance to vote early for President Obama. Get it done now:
Stand with President Obama in support of equal rights for LGBT Americans by joining Obama Pride:
We can do better than an out-of-date immigration system. The Senate's bipartisan #ImmigrationReform bill is an important step forward.
Did you know? Electricity generated from clean energy sources like wind and solar has doubled under President Obama. #ActOnClimate
The Paycheck Fairness Act will give women better tools to fight for #EqualPay. It's time for Congress to act.
For everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way #Obamacare works for you:
Don t let that great phone voice get rusty. Use it to make calls for the President at a phone bank near you:
One year ago, #DOMA was struck down. #LoveIsLove
Thanks to the tax cuts we passed, Americans paychecks are a little bigger today. #SOTU
Thanks to Obamacare, you can receive free preventive care services including annual check ups and cholesterol tests. #ObamacareIsWorking
If Congress doesn't act, the typical family's taxes will go up by $2,000. Share what that would mean for you:
These photos put a face on our fight for reform. This is why we will never stop fighting until the job is done.
RT if you agree with Erica: We can t afford for Congress to let federal student loan rates double. #DontDoubleMyRate
Watch the weekly address: President Obama makes the case for why it's time to #RaiseTheWage.
Your signature is your voice use it to support raising the minimum wage:
Clinton on Obamacare: Individuals and businesses have secured more than $1 billion in refunds from their insurance premiums.
#ObamacareIsWorking, and Americans are already seeing the benefits:
Make sure your friends and family know the choice on taxes in this election:
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline:
Highlights from the first day of the President's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania:
"I know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the American people." President Obama #SOTU
Voters in Nebraska: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis. #compromise
"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." President Obama
If your taxes go up, Republicans will have made a conscious choice to let that happen:
Health insurance premium rebates averaging nearly $100 per family are on their way to 8.5M Americans.
"Let's get to work."
The choice:
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." President Obama
Last call to #GetCovered in 2014.
Watch a #VICEonHBO clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal prison:
Now it s time to finish what we started. Let s get going.
"Oklahomans have inspired us with their love and their courage and their fellowship." President Obama in #Moore today
It's been years since I've felt connected at any level to a president. Gabe, OH, who voted McCain in 08 but is voting Obama-Biden in 2012
Power hug: A photo that made us smile this year.
"Out of the ashes of conflict, America rose more prepared than ever to meet the challenges of the day."
Obama: It s up to the not-so-young people including me to choose what we leave behind for future generations. #AmericaForward
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance:
Good to see my friend Prince Harry in London to discuss the work of our foundations &amp; offer condolences to victims _
President Obama: My plan will continue to reduce the carbon pollution that is heating our planet because climate change is not a hoax.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon.
Just 25 days until Election Day. Get out there and volunteer this weekend:
"Today there are more job openings in the United States than any time since 2001." President Obama
In case you missed it, tune in to a replay of the President s speech at 8pm ET with photos, charts and more:
We #ActOnClimate to save the planet, grow our economy, create jobs and reduce carbon pollution. Will you act?
Sign @OFA's petition to #RaiseTheWage:
Together, we raised more than $70 million this quarter. Thank you.
Watch: @OFA is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change.
#FollowFriday RT @SFWish: Here he comes!!!! #SFBatkid
The Senate passed bipartisan immigration reform more than 100 days ago. Let's get this done. #ActOnReform
At Hofstra University in Hempstead, NY. Watch the last presidential debate tonight live at 9pm Eastern.
More on why the Paycheck Fairness Act is important for women and families:
Show what you believe get the #LoveIsLove tee.
President Obama: "If you're willing to work with me again, we'll win Ohio. We'll finish what we started." #Forward
It's 2013, and millions of LGBT Americans still lack basic protection from discrimination under the law.
Carla's favorite part about the Affordable Care Act: Her daughter is covered.
Help make sure the @EPA's new emission standards on power plants move forward:
One year after passage, it is largely thanks to the #RecoveryAct that a second depression is no longer a possibility:
"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." President Obama
"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." President Obama
Tonight, the President will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. Say you'll stand alongside him:
Five reasons Americans are better off because of the Affordable Care Act:
Jobs news: With today's report, unemployment fell to the lowest rate since December 2008.
"Competition and choice are pushing down costs in the individual market, just like the law is designed to do" President Obama on #Obamacare
PHOTO: A couple supporters in a New York state of mind last night.
This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers.
LIVE: President Obama speaks about the bipartisan Agriculture Act of 2014 at @michiganstateu.
Vanity Fair on Romney s familiarity with foreign tax havens, including Switzerland and Grand Cayman:
Joe was a steelworker with a job that supported his family until Mitt Romney's firm took his plant apart:
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security:
The Clean Air Act has been improving air quality for over 40 years read what @GinaEPA wrote about proposed updates:
You could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now:
Visiting a Chrysler plant in Toledo, Ohio. Watch remarks to auto workers live:
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support.
"The question for everyone in this chamber ... is whether we are going to help or hinder this progress." President Obama #SOTU
Go behind the scenes with photos from last night s Greater Together Student Summit in North Carolina:
Tell Congress to act now to fix our #immigration system. Sign up for the @MarchforInnov this week:
Check out the new #Obama2012 YouTube page, with a video timeline going back to 2007, videos by issue, and more:
"This debate is not just about numbers. It's a set of major decisions that are going to affect millions of families." President Obama
Watch President Obama's weekly address on making America home to more high-tech manufacturing:
Want to apply your talents to #Obama2012? Apply for a summer internship before the March 1st deadline:
RT if you agree: We need to keep growing the economy from the middle out not go back to the same failed top-down policies that crashed it.
Updates to come throughout the day as we watch the numbers tick upwards before our midnight reporting deadline.
You're running out of time: Tomorrow is the deadline to put your name on @OFA's permanent health care reform record:
Don't miss the deadline: Sign up for health insurance ASAP.
POTUS: We can decide that in America, no child should have her dreams deferred because of an overcrowded classroom.
Don't miss this Father's Day message from @MichelleObama about the President as a dad:
We are one day away from delivering historic progress for the American people.
This West Wing Week: stopping by a multicultural high school in DC as well as a science fair in NYC.
49 days until Election Day if you re not registered yet, start here:
RT @OpenGov: Every cabinet department has put out a plan for feedback. Here's where to find them:
Romney's jobs record speaks for itself. Just ask workers from GST Steel:
You can help make a difference on the issues that matter to you:
Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to
Make sure your voice is heard during the August congressional recess. Learn about how you can get involved today:
Thinking we can cut oil consumption by 2.5 million barrels of oil per day and take 50 million cars worth of pollution off the road by 2020
One party thinks education should be a luxury the other knows it s an economic necessity:
Watch live: President Obama makes a personnel announcement from the White House.
POTUS: "We understand that America s not about what can be done for us. It s about what can be done by us as one nation, as one people."
"America's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." President Obama
"Chuck Hagel is the leader our troops deserve." President Obama
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
#Pride2012: We won t go back.
Send a message show you stand with progress in 2015:
RT @JillFilipovic: Gloria is a woman for Obama. So am I.
In the weekly address, the President discusses #ImmigrantHeritageMonth and fixing our broken immigration system.
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change. #UnitedOnClimate
President Obama's plan would raise the minimum wage to $9 an hour so an honest day's work pays more for 15 million Americans. #LivingWage
Watch live: On the road to Charlotte, the President speaks in Iowa about the choice we face this fall.
The wind energy industry keeps growing here's the latest on its record-setting year:
Read President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters after his State of the Union address:
See how much you could save on student loans under President Obama and what you'd lose under Romney:
The moments that shape our country are happening now this is the time to get involved. Show your support today:
"That s why 7.1 million folks have health insurance because people got the word out." President Obama
In Indiana on the 40th anniv. of Dr. King's assassination. Asking everyone to continue his lifelong pursuit of social & economic justice.
The Affordable Care Act has been helping Americans since day one take it from these folks in Iowa:
Medicaid expansion and the new marketplace have helped these Americans get covered:
President Obama on being a dad: My hardest but always my most rewarding job.
This weekend, join supporters in your community to reach out to voters about the importance of voting this November.
Everyone with student loans should check this out:
"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." President Obama #LoveWins
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldn t weaken them, we should strengthen them." President Obama #SOTU
Health insurance is important. Have the talk:
Prep rate para votar con nuestra nueva p gina y comp rtela con tus amigos para que ellos tambi n est n listos:
"We just went through the first month since 2003 where no U.S. soldier was killed in either Afghanistan or Iraq." President Obama
"All of us... agree that tax rates shouldn't go up for the other 98% of Americans." President Obama
To: President Obama Happy 54th! From: You Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday:
"We know that the cost of these events can be measured in lost lives and lost livelihoods, lost homes and lost businesses." President Obama
We've gathered up some photos from #SOTU2012 house parties across the country:
"We all have a place in America if you're willing to work hard, if you're willing to stand up." President Obama
The countdown until open enrollment has begun. #HealthCareCountdown
RT if you'd honk then tell Congress to close background check loopholes for gun sales:
Here's your chance to take a stand against climate change denial:
A handy calculator that shows how your vote this fall will affect how much students pay in college costs:
Tweet your questions for this afternoon s town hall:
And counting. #SOTU
President Obama: We need strong application of anti-discrimination laws. We need immigration reform. #ABetterBargain
"It s time for $10.10. It s time to give America a raise." President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @AmericanU about the importance of the #IranDeal.
36 hours ago, Mitt Romney launched a One-Term Fund. Here's what 24,335 people have done in response:
Amazing goal from Alex Morgan. 1-0 USA! #USWNT
Happening now: President Obama speaks at a rally in Florida.
FACT: Funding to protect and secure our borders could be cut by nearly $550 million because Congress didn't act. #JobsNotCuts
President Obama on the GOP convention: It was a rerun. We d seen it before. You might as well have watched it on a black-and-white TV.
The President & private sector worked to create 180,000 summer jobs for low-income youth. @HildaSolisDOL talks impact:
Thomas, NY: I'm voting for Barack Obama because I need to believe that I live in a country where compassion trumps self-interest.
Don t sit on the sidelines this weekend. Reach out to voters in this final stretch before Tuesday s elections.
"It's time to restore opportunity for all people." President Obama in the weekly address:
I am deeply disappointed that Senate Republicans voted in a block today against allowing a public debate on Wall Street reform to begin.
FACT: The Obama administration has brought trade cases against China at twice the rate of the Bush administration.
"It's time to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act so workers can't be fired for who they are or who they love." President Obama #ENDA
Read from @business editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing:
"We need to give every American automatic access to an IRA." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #MyRA
Congress has just 17 days before they leave for summer recess tell them that action on jobs can t wait:
As painful as this day is and always will be, it leaves us with the lesson that no act of terrorism can ever change what we stand for. -bo
How will the administration's new fuel efficiency standards help your wallet and our environment? Take a look:
Sign up now to be covered in the new year:
Time is winding down say you'll do your part:
FACT: Women are now the primary or co-breadwinner in nearly two-thirds of American families. #FamiliesSucceed
RT @OFA_OH: Thanks to our amazing volunteers who came out for our #VoteReg11 Day of Action! #Obama2012
A reminder to severe conservatives still trying to roll back progress...
We need to reward education reforms that are driven not by Washington, but by principals and teachers and parents.
Retweet if you think the 24 states blocking Medicaid expansion need to put #PeopleOverPolitics.
Get your retro #Obama2012 button today:
In Chapel Hill, Winston-Salem & Hickory, NC today. Also, on the Rachael Ray Show today. For show times visit:
$9,600: Tax credit President Obama has proposed for a business that hires an injured veteran unemployed for 6 months. #VeteransCantWait
The United States is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate.
Six-year-olds for Obama.
POTUS: "The genius of America is the free enterprise system and freedom, and the fact that people can go out there and start a business."
Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.
At SAVEAward.gov, federal employees have a say in how government saves money, eliminates waste, and boosts performance.
Associated Press fact check: Mitt Romney continued meeting with partners at his buyout firm after he says he left.
Side by side. #NationalPetDay
RT if you agree that we should be hiring more teachers, not cutting programs that help educate our kids:
No one who fights for this country should have to fight to put a roof over their head when they come home. That s our solemn obligation.
"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." President Obama
Add your voice: Sign this petition if you believe it's time to #RaiseTheWage.
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders. #DoYourJob
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Jane is now paying $104 a month less on health care. Read more stories:
"Or we can restore an economy where everyone gets a fair shot, everyone does their fair share, & everyone plays by the same set of rules."
President Obama on Iran: "We have put in the toughest, most crippling sanctions ever." #StrongerWithObama
"You have made America stronger because of what you've done." President Obama to @americorps #AmeriCorps20
See how @OFA volunteers are fighting for #immigration reform and making headlines across the country:
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The President and First Lady hugging at his final campaign rally.
Everyone agrees our immigration system is broken, and Congress has stalled on reform. That's why the President is taking #ImmigrationAction.
Obama: It s time to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to start paying down our debt and rebuilding America.
To keep moving America forward, we need supporters to knock on doors and talk to voters. Join a canvass this weekend:
President Obama: The first thing in my plan: I want to end tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
Trick-or-treat? #HappyHalloween
Before this round ends, help decide who advances in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament:
President Obama is asking you to join him for dinner one last time. Enter before midnight:
Taking a stand against gun violence matters to Gilbert and his family:
"For more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." President Obama on Constitution Day
.@AshleyJudd hosted a Women Vote 2012 Summit with @OFA_NC yesterday and she brought a couple friends:
Last week, President Obama joined supporters for #DinnerwithBarack check out the photos:
Time to get shopping for health insurance that starts on January 1st:
#Obamacare puts the health of your family first. Watch the new @OFA ad and get the facts:
Survey: @OFA volunteers are helping get the facts out on getting covered. What questions do you or your friends have?
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House #CyberSummit at @Stanford.
Hey, 95% of America: Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would raise your taxes.
Today is the last day to enter.
Watch President Obama speak on the global competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing:
The deadline to enroll to be covered on January 1st is right around the corner. Help @OFA spread the word on Twitter:
Deadline deal: Give $10 or more before midnight, get a car magnet. Simple as that:
I bet on American workers. I bet on American manufacturing. President Obama on the choice we face in this election:
Excited to announce the Race to the Top High School Commencement Challenge looking forward to visiting the winning school:
Watch: President Obama likes signing bills into law.
DYK: #Obamacare banned lifetime limits on medical insurance. Now your insurance company can't stop paying for care.
RT @omi66: #ILikeObamacare because I'm tired of using bake sales and car washes as means to pay for a kid s cancer treatment.
About to address @OFA_WI supporters at the Moving America Forward rally the University of Wisconsin. Watch live:
We need to take responsibility for our deficit and reform our government. That s how our people will prosper. #SOTU
These fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. Read more:
Step 1: Pick up your phone. Step 2: Call voters in key states. Step 3: Help win this election.
RT @OFA_NC Roaring applause for @itsgabrielleu - chants of "FIRED UP! READY TO GO" in the audience. #HBCU2012
Justice Stevens' leadership will be sorely missed, and I thank him for his service. I will move quickly to name a new nominee.
POTUS on his most important promise kept: I will wake up every single day fighting for you as hard as I know how.
A few folks you might know on what the President s support for the #LGBT community has meant to them:
Since August, OFA supporters have made over 800k calls to Congress to support health reform. Help break 1 million today:
ICYMI: This is a really big deal.
WATCH: President Obama is speaking in Fresno, California, to discuss efforts to respond to the severe drought.
President Obama speaks about Hurricane Irene. Listen live:
RT @OFA_VA: Virginians across the Commonwealth will make this Saturday a day of action You can, too:
RT @Paul_Chander: Andy, Linda, and Jamie came at midnight to be first in line for the #ReadyToGo Rally! @OFA_OH
The other side hopes people like you will get cynical and tune out you should refuse:
"Justice is not only the absence of oppression it is the presence of opportunity." President Obama
I'm still fired up. I'm still ready to go. And it's because of you. Watch yesterday's conversation with #OFA:
Climate change deniers are trying to undermine America's commitment to #ActOnClimate. Read more:
It's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now:
If you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here:
"Nobody who works full time should have to live in poverty. Nobody. Not here in America." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
What have you heard about health care reform? Take this quick survey:
Tell your Republican legislator to protect consumers by voting in Richard Cordray as @CFPB director tomorrow:
RT @Robert_Friend: @BarackObama #RoadTraveled Fabulous. Made me cry. Seriously.
We want to hear what you're hearing about the new health care law. Take this quick survey:
Congress has just 3 days before leaving Washington to act on the President s jobs plan. Tell them to get to work now:
WATCH: President Obama is in New Orleans talking about growing the economy and creating jobs.
President Obama: Those who marched sought "not just the absence of oppression, but the presence of economic opportunity." #MLKDream50
Watch live: President Obama speaks about the Buffett Rule.
Today we celebrate the 40th anniversary of Earth Day a milestone in the ongoing fight to protect our environment.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing new measures to combat climate change and reduce pollution.
This is your last chance to win a summer weekend in Chicago. Enter before time runs out:
Have kids? Pediatric care, including vision and dental, must now be covered by your insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." President Obama
Obama is holding a town hall focused on the economy at University of Maryland at 11am ET. Watch live:
President Obama: "We've come too far to turn back now ... That s why I m asking for your vote."
Under President Obama, we ve seen 22 months of job growth tell a friend via postcard:
POTUS: "I'm counting on young professionals to help out-organize our opponents again this November."
Recapping day three of the GOP convention where Paul Ryan s speech was long on distortions and short on solutions:
The #TPP establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history.
Chip in $5 or more today to become a founding member of @OFA and help pass the President's agenda:
President Obama: "We don t give up, we get up. We innovate; we adapt; we learn new skills. We keep going." #JobsNow
"Join me in a national commitment to train two million Americans with skills that will lead directly to a job."
Since #Obamacare passed, health care spending has been slowing and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low.
We were there, we remember, and we are not going back.
Add your name to support President Obama's plan to take action against #climate change:
In West Lafayette, IN at Purdue University. Holding a summit on 21st century threats. Watch it at
Ent rate de los beneficios de la Ley de Cuidado de Salud para ti y tu familia con esta herramienta:
Looking forward to signing the repeal of #DADT into law this morning. Watch live at 9:15am ET:
Our economy has come a long way over the last four years and we have more work to do:
Speaking on the National Wireless Initiative in Marquette, MI, at 1:30pm ET.
Things we know: Failing to act now on #climate change would betray our children and future generations. #ActOnClimate
Thank you to all those who signed my birthday card. I was overwhelmed by the kind words I received from everyone.
On Tuesday, the President underlined a commitment to supporting great teachers and keeping kids in school:
Excited by the over 4000 "Unite for Change" events happening tomorrow. Visit
If the U.S. doesn't #LeadOnTrade, others will. Let's make sure America writes the rules in this global economy:
As long as I m President, we re not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for another millionaire s tax cut. #Forward2012
Watch live: President Obama awards the 2011 National Medal of Arts and the National Humanities Medal.
Over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million jobs.
Happy Pi Day. Grab a slice.
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: "I want you to send a message to Congress. Tell them, 'Don t double my rate.'"
Today s reason to give: Across America, volunteers are phone-banking and knocking on doors to re-elect the President:
Today's the day take a second to sign the President's birthday card:
POTUS: "We ve got more good jobs to create. We ve got more good cars to build. We ve got more schools to upgrade and more teachers to hire.
Wednesday, the President will speak about the importance of an economy that puts the middle class front and center:
"Last night, Richard Cordray was finally confirmed by the U.S. Senate to continue serving as America's consumer watchdog." President Obama
"You don't punish me by not signing up for health care you're punishing yourself or your family." President Obama #Asegurate
Pitch in $10 or more and we ll send you your favorite of these three car magnets:
"Those we lost live on in us." President Obama at the 9/11 Memorial
More than just a mug:
FACT: The background check system has kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands. #WeDemandAVote
Tune in at 11:35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy:
Instead of reforming #immigration, the House today is trying to keep millions of Americans from getting better health care at a lower cost.
This is why the Clean Power Plan matters. #ActOnClimate
Obamacare is already helping millions of Americans but a group of Republicans wants to shut down the government to defund it. #EnoughAlready
Tell the Senate: Stop playing games with our Supreme Court.
"I want to see a tablet that's the same price as a textbook." President Obama, announcing #ConnectED for students.
Gun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act. #WearOrange
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
One year ago, Americans voted for an agenda to move this country forward.
President Obama: "If there s even one thing we can do, if there s just one life we can save we've got an obligation to try. #NowIsTheTime
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the future of our 21st century economy. Tune in:
You and I, as citizens, have the power to set this country s course.
The private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, for the 34th month of growth in a row:
What we do in the next 9 days will shape the next 4 years and beyond. Leave it all out on the field volunteer today:
"The idea that you would shut down the government unless you prevent 30M people from getting health care is a bad idea." President Obama
11 days left to win this thing. Help get out the vote for President Obama this weekend:
Peace of mind: Upheld.
Stay in touch with the latest news join the @OFA Truth Team:
Washington Post: "Romney s Bain Capital invested in companies that moved jobs overseas"
Learn about the legacy of Selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and #MarchOn:
Turn #SOTU2012 into an opportunity to grow this campaign in your own neighborhood sign up to attend a watch party:
Give me four for four more years:
If you want Congress to pass a bill to reduce gun violence you have to speak up call your senators now:
"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." President Obama #FindYourPark
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to #ActOnClimate:
"Our volunteers step up and take on leadership and responsibilities that they never thought they could and they excel."
"This is making a difference in the lives of the American people." President Obama on the @CFPB
We can grow our economy and create jobs without adding to the deficit. Here's how:
Getting covered made Jason so happy he wanted to tell everyone:
A huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean. #CleanWaterRules
Question about the economy? Ask President Obama:
Gabby Giffords: "Congress must pass background checks now to put us on the road to a safer country."
Read why these three congressmen believe #Obamacare is working:
FACT: Mitt Romney opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which was the first bill President Obama signed into law.
"We've got to do more to restore opportunity for every American." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Who will make the biggest difference during the #Obamacare open enrollment period? That's up to you.
RT @Alex_Ogle: Obama in Virginia
President Obama speaks about the payroll tax cut. Watch live:
If Congress doesn't extend bipartisan wind energy tax credits, up to 37,000 Americans could lose their jobs:
There were patriots who supported this war and who opposed it. We are united in appreciation for our troops and our hope for Iraq s future.
Join @vj44 on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence.
Five ways health care reform is helping American families:
Our servicemembers and their families make so many sacrifices for our country. Let them know it s appreciated using the hashtag #thanks.
The next #DinnerWithBarack is in the works, and the first guest will be chosen tomorrow night. It could be you:
Watch yesterday's address for the latest on what we're doing to keep America safe:
President Obama: "Congress is only going to act if they hear from you the American people." #DemandAction,
.@WSJ: "Today's immigrants are acculturating and moving up the economic ladder just like previous generations."
I'm honored and grateful that we have a chance to finish what we started. Our work begins today. Let's go. -bo
Holding a town hall meeting at the War Memorial Auditorium in Greensboro, NC.
"Renewing this bill is an important step towards making sure no one in America is forced to live in fear."
Mark Shields: He really kind of hung Ryan out to dry on the no details of the tax plan. ... That really was exposed.
We have an obligation to try: #TheyDeserveAVote,
Countries all over the world are standing #UnitedOnClimate join the conversation to be part of this historic moment:
"It continues to be a very smart investment to go to college. President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself:
Facing an 8-year green card backlog, this @wharton grad has no choice but to take her business skills abroad:
No longer is "being too small" grounds for denying a child health insurance:
Ask Congress #WhatWillItTake to act on gun violence prevention:
Join Christina Romer, Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, for a live chat on the economy today at 12pm ET:
Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating:
Happening now: President Obama is being interviewed by @YouTube stars Bethany Mota, GloZell Green and Hank Green.
Voters with Republican reps in LA: Make sure your representative knows you support a balanced approach to reducing the deficit. #compromise
Hey, Twitter: we made a shirt just for you.
RT this so your friends know the choice on taxes in this election:
It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today:
As of this week, nearly 2 million people own a piece of this campaign. Will you be the 2 millionth?
The economy added 211,000 jobs in November a record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
"College has become out of reach for too many people." President Obama. It's time to #MakeCollegeAffordable:
Today the House passed another in a long line of dangerous attacks on women's health care. Tell them that's #notOK:
Arkansas voters: Tweet @JohnBoozman and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
"Thank you for everything you guys do."
We ll be live-tweeting and fact-checking the GOP convention tonight on @TruthTeam2012 follow along for the latest.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding #overtime for millions of American workers:
Tell Congress: 92% of Americans support universal background checks and it's time to pass them now.
This is the choice on choice:
Share your commitment to vote, inspire your friends & shape America's future. Join OFA's Commit to Vote Challenge.
POTUS re-elect will send strong message to GOP that obstructionism is a bad strategy. Look for cracks in GOP caucus over tactics. -Axe
RT if you agree: It's time to stop the denial on climate change.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq.
5 cosas que debes saber sobre el candidato de Mitt Romney a la vicepresidencia:
Watch: Americans want Tea Party Republicans to stop holding our economy hostage and end this shutdown.
In Charlotte, NC today to visit a local business and discuss jobs and the economy. Listen live at 11:55am ET
"In the wealthiest nation on earth, no one should go broke just because they get sick." President Obama #Obamacare
#ObamacareInAction for consumers:
Today, the Senate is considering a GOP amendment that will gut consumer protections. Call your Republican senator today:
FACT: 79% of Americans support increased fuel efficiency standards for new vehicles (via @NRDC). We must #ActOnClimate.
It's been more than five years since the national minimum wage was raised. That's wrong:
POTUS: Today, the United States of America is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in nearly two decades.
Congress has just 22 days before summer recess it s time for them to get to work on jobs:
Joshua may be young, but he's not naive about getting covered:
Time to weigh in who deserves the #ChampionDenier title?
"I will keep doing whatever I can without Congress to help responsible young people pay off their loans." President Obama #ItsOurInterest
Still haven't bought health insurance? You only have until March 31st:
RT @MichelleObama: The Obamas hosted the fourth annual Passover Seder at the White House last night:
"Part of the climate action plan that I put forward last summer is designed to protect critical sectors of our economy." President Obama
More than 3 million supporters now own a piece of this campaign. RT if you re one of them.
Obama: It s up to the young people out there to decide what kind of future you want for yourselves. #AmericaForward
President Obama on the GOP's energy plan: "Because it s an election year, they re already dusting off their plan for $2 gas."
President Obama: Since 1979, our productivity is up by more than 90%, but income has increased by less than 8%.
See if you're one of the millions of Americans who pay a higher tax rate than Mitt Romney:
As the June unemployment numbers are released, it is clear we are headed in the right direction, but we are not headed there fast enough.
Retweet to let people know: It's time to #CoverAmerica.
Millions are getting the coverage they deserve. Make sure you are too:
Stand with the President's global leadership in the fight against climate change:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
RT if you're one of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales:
Through faith, love, and resolve the character of the people of Manchester has shown itself. Our thoughts &amp; prayer _
A group of Senate Republicans refused to tackle the student loan debt crisis:
Here's why it's time for Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales. #DemandAction,
Volunteers for @OFA_MI registering voters in Lansing during the #RegToVote weekend of action:
Enroll today and health insurance is yours on February 1st:
Add your name if you believe it's time to stand up for #DegreesNotDebt:
#StandWithWomen to support women's health, economic security and leadership opportunities. Learn more:
If you live in Georgia, ask @SenatorIsakson to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
"For all our differences, we are one people stronger together than we could ever be alone." President Obama #LoveWins
It s up to you to show that you care too much about this country to let it fall backward:
"7.1 million Americans have now signed up for coverage ... That's enough to fill up the Big House 65 times." President Obama to @UMich
Think you can nail the punchline? Here's your chance:
A false choice:
"What kind of inside job is [Romney] talking about? Is he talking about the inside job to rubber-stamp the agenda of this GOP Congress?"
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska:
If you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progress state by state:
Alejandro Morales is the highest ranking cadet in Chicago JROTC. He wants to be a Marine, but for now he is a DREAMer
"Threatening national default on the bills that Congress has already racked up that s not an economic plan."
#OFA's 2010 strategy session w/ David Plouffe is about to begin join the conversation with supporters in your area now:
From @MotherJones: Read the stories of Americans who have lost unemployment benefits.
Will you support the Buffett Rule, asking millionaires to pay their fair share of taxes?
This election s too important to sit out. Find out when you can vote in your state:
"The status quo isn't working for our workers." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
As we kick off 2010, our Twitter community has grown to over 3 million. I continue to be grateful for your partnership as we work for change
President Clinton on the Affordable Care Act: "Are we all better off because President Obama fought for it and passed it? You bet we are."
RT @ChrisGriswold1: Had an awesome day registering voters in south west Fort Collins. We registered twenty eight people #Sumorg11 #votereg11
The Go Back team: A ticket dedicated to failed economic policies and a 1950 s social agenda.
If you've got the time, we've got the mission travel to a battleground state to help finish this fight:
FACT: Romney would take away a woman s right to choose and even said he d be delighted to sign a bill banning all abortions.
Tonight proved once again that you won't find a better and more tireless advocate for the middle class than @JoeBiden. -bo #TeamJoe
We need a fully functional Supreme Court. Editorial boards across the country agree:
POTUS hug.
President Obama steps up to the plate at the @BaseballHall in Cooperstown for a speech at 3:30 p.m. ET. Tune in:
Nothing better than a Game 7 for all the marbles. Will you be watching tonight? #NBAFinals
Congress has just 50 days before its summer recess to take action on jobs.
Tonight's deadline is a critical moment. Support @OFA and make your voice heard:
FACT: The majority of minimum wage jobs are held by women. #RaiseTheWage
President Obama: "The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first bill I signed into law." #EqualPay
Read this story about #Obamacare from @BloombergNews: "None of the most dire predictions has come to pass."
"It's hard to argue with success." President Obama on the confirmation of Richard Cordray as director of the @CFPB
Suits and ties. h/t @jtimberlake
RT @OFA_VA: .@TimKaine "President Obama knows we need to out-build, out-educate, out-innovate. That's the way to go forward." #ReadyToGo
The uninsured rate continues to fall and that's no accident. Read about how #Obamacare is making a difference:
POTUS: "We believe in an America that says, our economic strength doesn t come from the top-down. It comes from the middle-out."
POTUS on what he and Gov. Romney stand for: I believe women should be able to control their own health care decisions. He does not.
Tune in at 1:50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference.
Five ways Mitt Romney simply isn't leveling with the American people:
The last thing our country needs is to have fewer teachers in our schools.
You owe this to yourself:
RT @Vets4Obama: A Nation's Gratitude: @BarackObama and @MichelleObama honor #Iraq War #veterans and their families.
"Our small businesses will only succeed if our country invests in the workers." John, a small business owner in Columbus, Ohio
President Obama capped student loan payments at 10% of monthly income helping 1.6 million students afford their loans this year. #progress
RT @warnerjennifer: #FillTheSchott data entry outside because the office is packed! #ReadyToGo
The economy added 176,000 jobs in April, continuing 38 straight months of job growth. But there is still work to do.
Summer is here pick up a bright new t-shirt that can handle the heat:
President Obama: "We can choose the policies that give us the prospect of broad-based prosperity." #AmericaForward
Obama: "I still believe we can and must replace these cuts with a balanced approach that asks something from everybody." #JobsNotCuts
The threat of #climate change is real and is not going away. If Congress won't act, President Obama will:
This is the day you ve been working so hard for. Make calls to voters to make sure they get out to the polls.
Jobs news this morning: the economy has added more than 4 million private-sector jobs over the last 25 months.
RT if you agree with the President:
Check out the organizing tip of the week, then try it out as part of #RegToVote weekend:
What's on tap for day two of the President's bus tour:
The President, speaking to a record crowd in New Hampshire this morning: We know that our ideas work and theirs don't.
4 days left watch President Obama outline his plan to strengthen the middle class live from Springfield, OH:
Watch a livestream of all the action from Day Two of #DNC2012:
"A hard day s work deserves a fair day s pay." President Obama
President Obama plans to keep #Obamacare working as it was intended. Watch his weekly address:
"They refuse to pass a budget unless I let them sabotage Obamacare." Read President Obama's message to supporters:
"Today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Ready?
This Labor Day weekend, add your voice to the movement to raise the minimum wage:
"Being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
In Colorado, campaign supporters will be out registering new voters this weekend. Follow @OFA_CO to stay connected. #FF
POTUS: "We don t need more top-down economics. We ve tried that theory. We ve seen what happens."
LIVE: The President kicks off Equal Pay Day by discussing ways to strengthen equal pay laws for women.
Two seats at the last #DinnerWithBarack of this campaign could be yours, but only if you enter:
FACT: Congress has 10 days to stop a student loan rate hike or college costs will rise for more than 7 million students. #DontDoubleMyRate
Mitt Romney wants to be in charge of your taxes, but won't come clean on his own:
Can you keep a secret? This could be your chance to meet the President.
There's a clear choice for women in this election:
Be prepared. #GetCovered today:
RT @laura_carolyn: .@alexisruiz45 leading a great voter reg training here in Tampa. We need a bigger room!
It's #BigBlockOfCheeseDay ask questions to @WhiteHouse staff and administration:
POTUS on the vote: "We simply cannot afford to keep spending money on tax cuts that the wealthiest Americans don t need and didn t ask for."
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America:
Visiting Northern Virginia Community College to talk about the importance of job training. Watch live:
A North Carolina teacher weighs in on why she supports the President's plan to create jobs now.
"Thank you very much, OFA. I love you guys. Keep it up!" President Obama. Stay fired up with #ActionAugust:
A letter every American should read:
Established a Commission today to build bipartisan consensus on balancing the budget & improving our long-term fiscal health
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time:
Jews have lit Hanukkah candles as symbols of resilience in times of peace and in times of persecution. Their light inspires us to hope.
Who are you supporting this World AIDS Day?
Speaking at the Summit on Entrepreneurship about advancing economic and social entrepreneurship. Watch live at 6pm ET:
RT if you agree: Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. #NowIsTheTime,
POTUS at Barnard: "Don't just get involved. Fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for your seat at the head of the table."
Pleased with today's Supreme Court decision to bring terrorists to justice while also protecting our core values.
Taegan Goddard: He kept Romney on the defensive and came prepared _ It was devastatingly effective.
When your loved ones get together this holiday season, remember to talk to them about health insurance.
RT @reedmb: Rally rally rally: today tomorrow next week: canvass phones &amp; conversations #Obama2012
All-Star Game tonight. AL or NL? #ASG
What happens when a senator votes with 90 percent of Americans to prevent gun violence:
Happy #StPatricksDay.
How do you plan to spend the cold days of December?
"I am willing to work with anybody...to combat this threat on behalf of our kids." President Obama on the essential need to #ActOnClimate
"The economy's growing, but sustaining that trend is going to require elected officials to do their jobs." President Obama
"I voted early in person today because he's the President I want for four more years &amp; for my daughter." Fred in CO
President Obama shares his New Year s resolutions strengthening the economy and restoring middle-class security:
It s wrong to ask seniors to pay more for Medicare just so millionaires &amp; billionaires can pay less in taxes. POTUS on Romney s tax plan
"I want to make sure the next revolution in manufacturing is happening right here in America." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
We ll be live-tweeting the Vice President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
We've got to come together to put America back on a sustainable course. Add your name in support of a responsible budget:
Reach up and close that gap. #MarriageEquality,
Get ready this one is going to be good.
President Truman knew that our citizens deserve the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health:
President Obama is one of the greatest advocates for veterans that I ve seen in my lifetime.
President Obama and @BillClinton will discuss health care at #CGI2013. Watch their conversation at 4:55 p.m. ET:
"The voices of the American people have to be a part of this debate." President Obama
"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." President Obama
"This is a moment when our economy is growing ... Our businesses have created about 8.5M new jobs over the past 4 years." President Obama
The President is putting higher education within reach for millions more Americans by doubling funding for Pell Grants.
FACT: President Obama has taken action to implement 90% of the Jobs Council s recommendations that don t require congressional action.
Education should be both affordable and accessible. Tell Congress #DontDoubleMyRate to protect student loan interest rates from increasing.
"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." President Obama #OFAFallSummit
President Obama proposes new ways to get veterans back to work:
About to speak in remembrance of the victims of Saturday s shooting in Tucson. Watch live at 8pm ET.
It makes us stronger:
Lilly Ledbetter on her fight for fair pay, in her own words:
Suit up enter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline.
"If Congress doesn t act, the typical middle class family of four will see their taxes go up by about $2,200." President Obama
A message from The Boss:
The final push: It's on us.
"That means 98% of Americans and 97% of small businesses wouldn't see their taxes go up by a single dime."
Retweet to let your friends and families know: The March 31st deadline is coming. #GetCoveredNow
LIVE: The President is speaking on the importance of raising the federal minimum wage for all workers:
This weekend, volunteers from @OFA_IA will be out talking to supporters at the Iowa State Fair. Follow them to learn more. #FF
Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today:
South Carolina Republican reps on Twitter: @reptimscott (SC-01), @CongJoeWilson (SC-02), @tgowdysc (SC-04), @repmickmulvaney (SC-05).
It's official: Marriage equality is coming to Illinois. #LoveIsLove
Retweet if you agree: It is important to support small businesses to help create jobs for the U.S., now and in the future. #SBW2013
Out of many, we are one.
Join Organizing for America to fight for real health care reform. Host or attend a Health Care Organizing Kickoff:
It's Election Day in Wisconsin tomorrow, and I'm standing by Tom Barrett. He'd make an outstanding governor. -bo
On the "On Track for Change" tour through Pennsylvania. Heading to Harrisburg for a rally tonight on the State Capitol's South Steps.
"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." President Obama #IranDeal
You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii:
Holding a town hall in Raleigh, NC. Watch the event live at
If you give me your vote, Colorado, you ll have a President who hears your voice who fights for your families. #AmericaForward
The Senate is scheduled to vote on the #BuffettRule today. Tweet your senator and ask them to support it:
President Obama: "If America s about anything, it s about passing on even greater opportunity to our children."
Honoring 2010 s National Teacher of the Year in the Rose Garden at 1:40 p.m. ET. Watch live:
Everybody has a stake in this debate:
"No matter who you are, no matter what you look like, no matter where you come from, here in America, you can make it if you try."
We need to invest in our students, our community colleges, and in the future of this country. The bill signed today will do just that.
This is a big moment in the fight against climate change stick it to climate change deniers by adding your name:
"One of the things health reform was designed to do was to help not only the uninsured but also the underinsured." President Obama
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest rating. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and fill the #SCOTUS _
Put your name #OnTheRecord and make it clear where you stand on expanding economic opportunity:
Nebraska Republican reps on Twitter: @jefffortenberry (NE-01), @leeterryne (NE-02).
_ _ Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. _ _
It s time for Congress to prevent a student loan rate hike. Tell them #DontDoubleMyRate:
In California, heading to the last debate before Super Tuesday. Watch it tonight at 8pm ET/5pm PT on CNN. Text your thoughts to 62262 after.
"You shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." President Obama to Noah McQueen
Photos, tweets, and other highlights from day two of the President's bus tour:
Speaking in Texas, President Obama urges Congress to pass the American Jobs Act. Watch live:
Congress is hurting job-seekers and their families. These are their stories:
Watch tonight s rally with Gov. John Kitzhaber in Portland, Oregon, live at 5:30pm PT:
"Today, we gather once more to honor patriots who have rendered the highest service any American can offer this nation." President Obama
Stand up for LGBT Americans. Support the Employment Non-Discrimination Act today:
A favorite 2012 photo: Seen in Davenport, Iowa.
Faces of the campaign: @OFA_CA trained the newest team of #Obama2012 organizers last weekend.
"We have to make sure that every business &amp; every worker in America is playing by the same set of rules." President Obama #immigrationreform
"I said this year would be a year of action. And I meant it." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
RT if you agree: We can t afford Romney's plan to bring back the failed policies that crashed our economy. We need to keep moving forward.
In the weekly address, President Obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class economics:
Tomorrow, we will have the opportunity to pass historic reform. To the House of Representatives -- it is in your hands now.
POTUS: I refuse to ask students to pay more for college; or kick children out of Head Start programs so those with the most can pay less.
Calling all young supporters of #Obama2012 now's your chance to be involved from the beginning:
"We have cried enough. We have known enough heartbreak ... now is the time to turn that heartbreak into something real." #DemandAction
"We don t quit. I don t quit. Let s seize this moment to start anew, to carry the dream forward, and to strengthen our union once more."
This is progress: More states and cities are raising the minimum wage, but there's still work to do.
How we can fix our broken immigration system so everyone plays by the rules:
The #sequester threatens to derail major innovative breakthroughs, says @MIT president.
Health insurance has suddenly become affordable in New York." Read more from @NYTimes on how #Obamacare is working:
Keep up with the action at @OFA's #ActionSummit in D.C. today:
Add your name to help millions of Americans who are struggling to make ends meet on the minimum wage:
"Do we want to keep these tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? Or do we want to keep our investments in everything else?"
Thanks in part to the Affordable Care Act, Medicare has improved for seniors:
Let your friends in MA know where to go vote today Tell them to text PLACE to 62262, or send them this link:
Immigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Read from @NYTopinion about why filling the Supreme Court vacancy is crucial for our democracy:
Watch President Obama thank @TheEllenShow for all she's done for the LGBT community:
October has been a good month for marriage equality:
No fluff, just facts that's the Truth Team way. Join now:
"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." President Obama on the #IranDeal vote
Sonja was a lifelong Republican, but now she s an #Obama2012 supporter and grassroots donor. Here s why:
Read how @OFA volunteers are pushing to #RaiseTheWage in their communities:
FACT: Paul Ryan would ban all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.
You have the power to make history. Apply to become an @OFA spring fellow the deadline is today:
Job growth has exceeded 200,000 for the sixth straight month. This is progress, but there's more to do:
Watch live: President Obama delivers a statement on the fiscal cliff.
Cynics, take note: When we #ActOnClimate, we build a stronger future.
Paula, Wyndi, Jim, and Janet enjoyed a meal with the President last Friday. Check out the photos:
At Cooper Union in NYC about to talk about Wall Street Reform. Watch live at 11:55am ET:
In Cincinnati, OH. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
Global climate action became a reality this year keep the progress going in 2016:
Bo takes his inspiration from the Easter Bunny:
"Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." President Obama on the passing Tom Menino
Senate votes to move forward with #ImmigrationReform bill. Let's get this done, Congress. Do the right thing.
Little girl in audience asks POTUS about his favorite Girl Scout cookie. POTUS: I m going with the mint.
President Obama: Our core mission as an administration and as a country has to be rebuilding an economy where work pays off.
President Obama: "Ideas are what power our economy. It's what sets us apart. It s what America is all about."
If you're on Team Obama-Biden, pitch in $5 now:
Thanks to you:
"Premiums are rising at a rate tied for the lowest on record." President Obama #AmericaLeads
"Third, we have to bring our legal immigration system into the 21st century, because it no longer reflects the realities of our time."
RT @RhodaJA: My favorite line: "He took the harder and more honorable road." - Bill Clinton #RoadTraveled
Shout out to #LLWS U.S. champions, Chicago's own Jackie Robinson West All-Stars. You made your city and country proud.
I placed my bet on American workers. And I d make that same bet again any day of the week. President Obama on the auto industry s comeback
Congress should support American jobs by extending the Production Tax Credit for wind energy. #CongressToDoList
My father who recently received news he beat his stage 4 colon cancer after a four year battle! #DinnerWithBarack
Your vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful non-violent tool we have to create a more perfect union. @RepJohnLewis
"What greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that America is not yet finished." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
Watch President Obama talk about why he loves sitting down with supporters then enter #DinnerWithBarack today:
This work has never been more important:
The #TeaPartyShutdown couldn't stop #Obamacare, but it has halted the nation's flu prevention program.
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look:
President Obama on #ImmigrationReform: "Our out-of-date immigration system has actually harmed our economy and threatened our security."
Casino staffers in Las Vegas greeting the President:
FACT: Romney s running mate Paul Ryan referred to rape as a method of conception and co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape with Todd Akin.
Vice President Biden speaks about why Congress needs to pass the American Jobs Act. Listen live:
FACT: Romney created or raised more than 1,000 taxes and fees in Massachusetts, despite promising that he wouldn t raise taxes.
Renewable energy is good for the economy. #ActOnClimate
#AmericaForward high-five count: 3.
President Obama: Because they marched, the Civil Rights Law was passed. Because they marched the Voting Rights Act was signed. #MLKDream50
Over the last couple of days, we've asked you about your favorite moments from this last year. Coming up: five people's picks.
I ll let you and @ladygaga handle the singing, and we ll handle the donations. There s still time to give: _
Read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of Americans and women in particular:
"We fall and we rise as one nation as one people." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Read the Obama Administration's statement on the House bill to limit women's access to reproductive care:
A flashback to the election: President Obama campaigned and won on a clear tax plan.
Obama: "I m asking for your vote. I m asking you to help me finish the job."
Photo of the day:
Here's how immigration reform could become a reality:
Speaking to workers about jobs and the economy at a solar-panel manufacturer in Fremont, CA, at 1:20 pm ET. Listen live:
"A job is a source of pride and dignity the way you support your family, the proof that you re doing the right thing." President Obama
The address to the nation on Afghanistan is about to begin tune in at 8:00pm ET.
In this weekly address, the President talks about how we can trim the budget while still investing in our future:
Lynn (@ObamaLoversFB) wants to give her mom MaryAnne a shout-out today.
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." President Obama #SOTU
California Republican reps on Twitter: @RepEdRoyce (CA-40), @RepJerryLewis (CA-41), @RepGaryMiller (CA-42)
Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to #ActOnClimate:
More Americans will have access to free preventive health care under #HCR. The First Lady & Dr. Jill Biden introduce how:
"No matter where you live or where you do business, solar is getting cheaper." President Obama #ActOnClimate
In August, the health insurance reform debate comes home. This is the moment our movement was built for:
"The bottom line is we are making the insurance market better for everybody." President Obama #OFASummit
Our take: biggest loser in #GOPDebate is the middle class. Unmentioned for 3rd debate in a row
Members of Congress need to know how much support there is at home for reform. Please call your Rep's local office:
Tell your friends which party you re supporting in this election:
POTUS: "The average middle-class family their taxes are about $3,600 lower since I became President."
"Our prayers are with the people of Oklahoma today." President Obama
The administration has announced a 20-year moratorium on new uranium mining near the Grand Canyon:
Happy birthday, @FLOTUS. Thank you for all that you do.
If you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your name:
We believe that quality health care and a dignified retirement aren't just achievable goals they re a measure of our values as a nation.
It's time #climate change deniers feel the heat. Take action:
President Obama on Meet the Press today: Our top priority is that we can t let taxes go up on middle class families.
Add your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court:
"We've got to restore opportunity for everyone." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
"We need to build smarter, more resilient infrastructure." President Obama on ways to #ActOnClimate to protect against natural disasters
Be covered with New Year's cheer and health insurance on January 1st. Here's how:
Free car magnet!
Let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger course.
Retweet if you're ready to give these women a raise. #RaiseTheWage
LIVE: President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse.
More than 1 million supporters took our survey last week. Some initial results:
Our health, our vote carry the message with you:
The House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect you:
The crowd at the President's first stop in Davenport, Iowa:
"My ears were one of the inspirations for Shrek." President Obama at @DWAnimation
President Obama: The folks at the very top in this country don t need another champion in Washington."
L'shana tova to everyone celebrating tonight. -bo
Retweet if you believe our economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. #AmericaLeads
Show off your pride in this movement grab your Organizing&amp; tee:
President Obama: "In 2008, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression."
Meeting President Obama at a party hosted by George Clooney check two things off your life list:
Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change:
"This week, Congress finished up some important work before heading home for the holidays." President Obama
"It should not be a partisan issue." Utah business leaders urge their representative to move on #immigration reform:
President Obama: "Today, America is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in two decades."
Hold your representatives in Congress accountable. Call out #climate change deniers in the House and Senate today:
Join @MattForte22, @Jones_Drew32, &amp; @Tweez41 on #TeamObama and make sure you're registered and ready to vote:
Add your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration:
Add your voice if you believe women deserve equal pay for equal work.
Mitt Romney isn't telling the truth:
You told Congress #DontDoubleMyRate and they listened:
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Nikki can stop worrying about her daughter s future:
President Obama: "Economists and business leaders from across the spectrum have said that our economy is poised for progress in 2013."
If enacted, Senate #immigration reform bill would add nearly $300B to the Social Security Trust Fund over the next decade.
Be a part of @OFA's Twitter takeover and tell Congress to #EndThisNow:
VP: We have no intention of downsizing the American Dream. We re going to hear from a man whose whole life is a testament to that dream.
It's the mark of the movement wear it proud. Get yours today:
RT @SenatorReid: I'm happy to hear the docs of the @AmerMedicalAssn support the Senate #hcr bill. Read the AMA letter:
"The fact is we ve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." President Obama
RT if you re fired up and ready for the last 20 days of this campaign:
At "Stand for Change" events across South Carolina this week. Visit
If [paycheck fairness] had been the law back in my day, it would have prevented what happened to me.
No kidding: Every grassroots donation will be matched by another @OFA supporter. Chip in today:
Find out what health care reform means for your family:
RT if you agree: We can t let Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan take us back to the 1950s on women s health.
Climate change is putting some of our nation's most cherished historic landmarks at risk:
POTUS: Our businesses have created more than 4.4 million new jobs over the past 28 months, including about 500,000 manufacturing jobs.
"No one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." President Obama
President Obama: "Hello Colorado! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?" #AmericaForward
"I'm going to be asking all of you to make your voices heard." President Obama
NBC News: Dubious claim behind Romney welfare attack.
Encouraging everyone in DC, MD and VA to vote today. Heading to Madison, WI for a Rally for Change event at the Kohl Center (6:15pm tonight)
RT @marieigil: #OFA_CA Team Santa Rosa registering voters for MLK Day On
This @OFA volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas:
A few facts about the minimum wage you might not know:
Voting early brings out all sorts of smiles (via @OFA_WI):
Now you've got 2 chances to out-pick the President see how your women's bracket stacks up against his:
We cannot afford to bet our long-term prosperity and security on a resource that will eventually run out. Not anymore.
See stories of people who just got covered in the new year:
The best thing you can do for yourself this holiday season:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at McGavock High School in Nashville, TN. Tune in:
A look at the 47% of Americans who Mitt Romney wrote off for not taking personal responsibility for their lives.
It was our very willingness to negotiate that helped America rally the world to our cause. President Obama #IranDeal
General Motors and Chrysler report double-digit sales growth in June:
POTUS: More than any election in recent memory, this is a choice between two fundamentally different paths for our country s future.
Show your support for our nation of immigrants by showing your support for #immigration reform:
These folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change:
Five small business owners on what $2,000 means for their budgets and their employees:
"The earth is what we all have in common." Wendell Berry #EarthDay
After the BP rig sank, President Obama assembled a team of our nation s best scientists and engineers to tackle the spill, led by Sec. Chu.
Bob and his purple shirt have been there for President Obama since he first spoke out against the Iraq war in 2002:
Obama: "I'm not going to stand by while a minority in the Senate puts party ideology ahead of the people we were elected to serve."
Don't miss @selcharrodeoro's encore performance of the national anthem at the #NBAFinals in San Antonio tonight.
Wyoming voters: Tweet @SenJohnBarrasso and ask him to compromise on a balanced deficit solution.
While the House takes its 40th vote to repeal #Obamacare, read about 40 ways the law is working for Americans:
This holiday season, #GetTalking about new, affordable options for the uninsured in your family.
It's been 51 years since the Equal Pay Act was signed, but women still don't have equal pay. #TimeForProgress
Mitt Romney thinks more than half of America s seniors don t care for their lives. Americans react:
"Do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?" President Obama
RT if you agree: Congressional Republicans should stop putting political games above creating jobs for veterans.
WATCH: President Obama responds to the failed vote in the Senate on raising the minimum wage.
Find out how many #Obama2012 donors share your name:
Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment:
Urge your senators to keep college affordable:
Health insurance could be more affordable than you think:
Happy New Year!
"There are still issues left to resolve, but we're hopeful that Congress can get it done."
Michigan Republican reps on Twitter: @repfredupton (MI-06), @repwalberg (MI-07), @candicemiller (MI-10), @thadmccotter (MI-11) #compromise
Tell your lawmakers: It's time to give America a raise.
The Senate GOP blocked the #BuffettRule yesterday but this isn t over. Stand with President Obama for tax fairness:
President Obama will make a statement on the debt ceiling at 10:20 am ET. Watch live:
ICYMI: The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the #ParisAgreement the first ever global climate deal.
The President on how his jobs bill would help states rehire thousands of teachers and why Congress should pass it now:
The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon.
Global action on climate change is happening show your support today:
President Obama will make the case for strong climate action at the U.N. Climate Summit at 12:50 p.m. ET. Watch here:
#ABetterBargain for hard working Americans. Watch the new OFA ad and find out how the President is working for you:
Take a look: @VP Biden discusses what 4-4 decisions like yesterday's on immigration mean for our country.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry.
Tonight, together, let s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American. President Obama #SOTU
President Obama: "Women across America aren't closing their eyes."
This West Wing Week: Nobel laureates and a bipartisan meeting with congressional leadership at the White House:
There's more to do, but this is real progress: 10M private-sector jobs have been added over 54 straight months.
Your voice on twitter can help pass health reform tweet your reps today:
It's time to double down in the fight for smart immigration reform. Add your name to say you #StandWithDREAMers:
Just some of the states hurt by #RomneyEconomics:
Obama: We may "hold different views than the person beside us. But as Americans, we all share the same proud title: We are citizens." #SOTU
The other party has staked their claim on repealing health reform instead of making it work. They want to go back I say we move forward.
"The U.S. is home to me &amp; home is where I feel comfortable." Yesica, who moved here at 6 months old:
Speaking about education reform at the National Urban League 100th Anniversary Convention. Watch live at 10:05 a.m. ET.
Make your mark on issues you care about. Chip in:
"Fair wages and higher profits are not mutually exclusive. They go hand in hand." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
RT @Obama2012: "It is a truly humbling moment to be introduced by Elie Wiesel. President Obama at the @HolocaustMuseum
President Obama: "After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three." #JobsNow
President Obama is fighting to make sure that our daughters have the same opportunities as our sons:
Hurry, the deadline s almost here.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at @DWAnimation about growing the economy and strengthening the middle class.
Just 100 days left to organize your community for the President. Start today at a weekend of action event near you:
On Saturday, more than 600 Ohioans came together for @OFA_OH s largest training of 2012 check out the highlights:
Taking a stand against gun violence matters to Gilbert and his family. See why:
Watch live: President Obama lays out his specific plan to keep growing the economy in tonight s presidential debate.
Investments in clean energy are boosting the economy while fighting climate change. #ActOnClimate
Holding a joint press conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. Watch live:
"Every child deserves a shot at a world class education." President Obama #ConnectED
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial dedication.
BP has agreed to set aside $20 billion to pay claims for damages resulting from the oil spill.
"When the Affordable Care Act passed, there was this lump in my throat that said 'This is for me.
President Obama: "Finally, my plan will use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to put our people back to work."
#RomneyExposed RT @politicalwire: That exchange on Libya was Romney's Gerald Ford moment. He was lost and not presidential at all.
Own a piece of this campaign by setting up a grassroots fundraising page it s as easy as clicking here:
Today the Senate chose to move America toward a clean energy economy not backward to failed policies that left us dependent on foreign oil.
President Obama doubled investments in Pell Grants to help an additional 3.7 million students afford college. #progress
Read why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system:
The economy added 242,000 jobs in February a record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in North Carolina about preventing interest rate hikes on student loans.
Get to know the #BuffettRule common-sense tax reform to make sure millionaires pay their fair share:
This is good progress but there's more to do. #ActOnJobs
We're all in this together. That's how we campaigned, and that's who we are. Thank you. -bo
If you think women should be trusted to make their own health care decisions, you should retweet this:
Photo of the day: President Obama shares a beer with Dakota Meyer, who was awarded the Medal of Honor today.
I'm lucky to be celebrating Mother's Day with Michelle and the girls today. Hope you're having a good one too. bo
Yesterday, Mitt Romney said classroom size doesn t matter. We asked educators to weigh in here's what they had to say.
How does the Affordable Care Act benefit you? Use this new tool to find out:
Four states down, four states to go in the President's 48-hour #AmericaForward tour: today he hits FL, VA, IL, and OH.
These senators turned their backs on working families today:
Time to step up for the 4th quarter of this campaign. Pitch in $5 now to help win this thing:
"The dropout rate has been dropping, and among Latino students it has been cut in half." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Winning an election won't bring about the change we seek on its own:
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not just those at the top." President Obama
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Colorado about what s at stake in this election.
Let s be the generation that makes future generations proud of what we did here.
The Road to November 6th two weeks until Election Day edition:
Help tell the story of how the Affordable Care Act is working for Americans:
POTUS: I don t think a college student in Colorado Springs should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care she needs.
Obama: "Governor, the problem is that on a whole range of issues, the Middle East, Afghanistan, Iraq... you've been all over the map."
President Obama stands up for middle-class families. Stand up for him by getting involved at your local field office:
President Obama joins a roundtable with voices of the Latino community. Watch live:
The fight isn't over sign this petition if you think hard-working Americans deserve a raise:
"America prospers when we're all in it together, and President Obama knows that." Norman, a small business owner from Juno Beach, FL
Just hit the $1 million mark:
They deserve a vote:
Watch President Obama s remarks from the Human Rights Campaign National Dinner on Saturday:
The premiere of "The Road We've Traveled," narrated by Tom Hanks, starts in less than an hour. Watch live here:
The Senate is set to vote today on a bill banning insider trading by members of Congress. Support it now:
Erin, a social studies teacher in NC, talks about why he wants Congress to pass the President's jobs plan.
Check out a new site loaded with everything you'll need to vote then RT to make sure your friends are ready, too:
Follow @TruthTeam2012 tonight for live fact-checks of the GOP Convention.
If you live in Wisconsin, ask @SenRonJohnson to support a bipartisan compromise to the debt crisis.
Today, President Obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by #ImmigrationAction.
RT @OFA_VA: Hundreds of volunteers at dozens of events across VA today. Must be a Day of Action! #VoteReg11 #Obama2012
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court. #DoYourJob
You can be covered with health insurance by February 1st, just in time for the Big Game. Find out how:
DYK: Most people can find a plan for less than $75 per month. Open enrollment starts on November 1. #GetCovered
Did you know: President Obama's plan would prevent up to 280,000 teacher layoffs and keep cops and firefighters on the job. #passthebill
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand. #ActOnClimate
If Congress won't #ActOnClimate, President Obama will. Show your support:
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968.
First Lady Michelle Obama harvests the White House garden with local students. Watch live:
"Gov. Romney s tax plan would actually raise taxes on the average middle-class family with children by about $2,000." President Obama
President Obama: "We've created partnerships throughout the region to deal with extremism in Somalia, in Pakistan, in Yemen."
The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion. #ImmigrationAction
A new study confirms that the #TPP will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy.
If we re lucky, we each have someone in our lives who embodies the #Obama2012 spirit who inspires you to contribute?
President Obama on the end of #DADT: No longer will tens of thousands of Americans in uniform be asked to live a lie.
"Even though the economy has been growing ... most folks' wages haven't gone up in over a decade." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
President Obama's #ImmigrationAction could give our economy a big boost:
Want to be covered on January 1st? Don't miss the December 23rd deadline for enrolling in health insurance:
Baracketology: President Obama knows his hoops.
"Fired up?" @OFA Chair Jim Messina at the #ActionSummit
Heath care open enrollment is here again. Find a plan that's right for you.
"We can't afford to wait for Congress right now." President Obama
It's time for the House to vote on #immigration reform to strengthen our economy and our communities. #JustFixIt
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obama enter now for your chance.
"I've got a mandate to help middle-class families and families that are working hard to get into the middle class." President Obama
Support President Obama's plan to double the production of clean energy in the U.S. by 2020:
FACT: Romney would repeal Obamacare, meaning 913,000 young Hispanics now on their parents plans could lose health coverage.
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, why shouldn't we have it in our schools?" President Obama in North Carolina today
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now:
RT @Mitch_Stewart: Another example of what a decent human being our president is. I'm very proud to work for him.
President Obama: We don t need more top-down economics. What we need is someone who ll fight to grow the middle class.
President Obama speaks from the White House. Watch live:
Well said, Jimmy. That's exactly why we fought so hard for the ACA, and why we need to protect it for kids like Bil _
No middleman. Just action.
Meet some of the 3,152,919 people who have pitched in to own a piece of this campaign:
President Obama sits down with @BET tonight at 6 p.m. ET. Watch a preview here:
"The economy always works best when the middle class is doing well." President Obama
"In America, we do not believe in opportunity just for the few we believe that everybody should have a chance at success." President Obama
Deadline deal: Donate $10 or more to this campaign before midnight, get an #Obama2012 car magnet. It's that easy:
President Obama: More than 100M insured Americans have gained access to preventive care to help them stay healthy at no out of pocket cost.
Tune in at 11:25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality:
"There's no reason Congress can't get this done by the end of the summer." President Obama live now on comprehensive #ImmigrationReform.
In Kentucky, the long-uninsured are signing up for health insurance on the new marketplace.
"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give America a raise." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
Register to vote now it takes less than 5 minutes:
LIVE: The President and @VP are launching #ItsOnUs because everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault.
Read about new initiatives to end sexual assault on college campuses:
Watch this video about @OFA's efforts to get the House of Representatives to take action on immigration:
0: Number of people who think too much Wall Street regulation caused this recession.
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress.
Kelley, an Air Force wife, thanks President Obama and @JoiningForces for supporting military families:
Hello, Ohio! #Obama2012
Congress should work with President Obama to extend tax cuts for small business owners:
A group of Republicans in the House won't stop playing games with our economy. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
Touchdown POTUS:
Join Vice President Biden for a conversation on gun violence today at 1:45 pm ET:
In Springfield, IL. Holding first campaign event with Senator Joe Biden. Watch it live at
Sign up now to help get out the vote before Election Day.
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate: #DoYourJob.
It's time to double down on comprehensive #immigration reform:
Five reasons why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Watch here:
RT @lovespeacesoul @BarackObama my brother is one of the last units to leave. Thank you for ending this war!
RT @TruthTeam2012: Mitt Romney: Extreme on women's issues.
We believe that quality health care and a dignified retirement aren't just achievable goals they re a measure of our values as a nation.
President Obama pardons the national Thanksgiving turkey. Watch live:
48 days until the election. Ask a friend to register to vote:
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations. #ActOnClimate
There's no better time to be thankful for your health but make sure you're prepared for anything:
In Roanoke, VA at a "Change We Need" rally. Watch it live at
"Even though I've been going for 38 hours straight ... I've still got a spring in my step because our cause is right." #AmericaForward
PolitiFact rated Romney s false welfare attack ad Pants on Fire.
Chip in the deadline is quickly approaching:
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses what #Obamacare has done to improve health care.
Join a call with @VP Biden tomorrow for the latest on efforts in Congress to reduce gun violence:
President Obama: "This is about national security. Our reliance on oil makes us far too dependent on other parts of the world." #OFAClimate
The President will speak in Nashville at 3:25 p.m. ET about how to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in:
Join Women for Obama as we organize in communities across the country:
The deadline to enroll for quality, affordable insurance that starts on January 1st is #Dec23. Get covered.
How the President's kept his word to support community colleges:
Don t miss a chance to have #DinnerWithBarack chip in $3 for a shot at the last seat at the table:
If you've been a grassroots fundraiser in the past and have tips for folks just getting started, share them using the hashtag #Obama2012.
"Let's help our fellow Americans get covered. Let's give every American a fighting chance." President Obama
Watch @OFA's new ad and tell @SpeakerBoehner to stand up to the Tea Party Republicans.
"Every single American deserves to be treated equally in the eyes of the law." #MarriageEquality,
Since April 2011, a total of 2.7 million people have pitched in to own a piece of this campaign. Join us today:
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on Cuba.
Let's keep it going. Be the 4 millionth person to own a piece of this campaign:
Check out a few voters reasons for supporting President Obama then grab a friend and go #VoteObama:
RT if you re fired up:
Before tonight's fundraising deadline, donate $10 or more and we'll send you a car magnet:
"I'm thinking: Score a goal, be a leader, let's get this done." - @AbbyWambach, #USWNT. Game starts in half an hour, and we'll be watching!
"We want education that engages you." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead.
President Obama: "This election is about breaking that stalemate."
Now is your chance to tell your representative in the House that you support #immigration reform. Call them today:
Tune in at 1:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability at @GeorgiaTech:
FACT: Since 1968, 1.3 million Americans have died from gun violence more than in all of the wars in American history. #WeDemandAVote
President Obama on equal pay: "This is not just a women's issue, this is a family issue this is a middle-class issue."
At a New Energy for America town hall meeting in Berea, OH. Watch it live at
Are you this excited for the #PuppyBowl?
Before #Obamacare, pregnancy was considered a pre-existing condition:
With a creative new framework, the Senate has made critical progress toward the historic final passage of health reform.
FACT: Severe budget cuts could reduce funding for the Federal Aviation Administration by $232 million likely increasing airport delays.
This movement has always belonged to you. Take a few minutes to help shape its future:
Hope everyone gets in a little family time this weekend:
Add your name if you agree: Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it.
If you haven't already, be sure to RSVP for tomorrow's online conversation with the #OFA community at 5:45pm ET:
The #NCA2014 is clear: We have to act now to reduce carbon pollution and prepare for the effects of climate change.
Tell Congress: We should close tax loopholes for millionaires not cut student aid.
We re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave.
Senate leaders have undercut the functionality of the Supreme Court, and that's unacceptable. #DoYourJob
Big news: Polls across 29 states show huge support for the Senate #ImmigrationReform bill. Let's get this done.
Almost time for President Obama's last #SOTU join the conversation:
Happening now: The President is speaking about the economy.
The world has changed. The competition for jobs is real. But this shouldn t discourage us. It should challenge us. #SOTU
"It feels good signing bills I haven't done this in a while. Hint, hint." President Obama at the student loans bill signing
President Obama: I believe with every fiber of my being that a strong economy comes not from the top down, but from a strong middle class.
"I don't want our future leaders saddled in debt before they start out in life." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
"Now we've got more young people graduating from college than ever before." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read more:
Here we go watch along and share your favorite moments using #debatewatch.
Add your voice for #immigration reform tell the House to #ActOnReform:
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
According to Republican Congressman @DentPressShop, the votes are there to end the #shutdown.
RT @beccasiegel: Lots of us first-time caucus-goers are learning how to caucus at our @OFA_CO Loveland house meeting.
Help keep up the momentum for comprehensive #ImmigrationReform. Add your name today:
A few votes could make the difference on Election Day send this link to everyone you know:
This is why health care reform matters.
I thank the senators who stood on the side of working families and voted to extend the unemployment insurance that is critical to millions.
ICYMI: Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
"I love you back." President Obama
DEADLINE:
We're filing our last pre-election FEC report tomorrow, and here's a preview.
Our 40 million immigrants add $3.7 trillion to the value of homes across the country. More from @renewoureconomy:
Teach him how to Dougie, @FLOTUS.
Let's go.
President Obama: "Gov. Romney s tax plan would raise taxes by about $2,000 for middle-class families with children.
Check it out: President Obama answers tough questions on the #IranDeal in an interview with @micnews.
Climate change is real. These senators are demanding action.
Reporting back on last month's fundraising numbers: In July, 761,000 people donated to raise over $75 million for this campaign. Thank you.
Good news: New rules will ensure that insurers take mental health as seriously as physical health.
RT @PatTravisChT: #roadtraveled - well done! Integrity, dignity, professional, authentic and a fabulous President!
With a new calendar now on the wall, we re taking a look back with a few favorite photos from 2011:
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." President Obama #BetterWithObamacare
Watch @Pontifex say why it's so important for everyone to come together to #ActOnClimate. #PopeInDC
If you are willing to work hard, if you are willing to take responsibility for your life, you can make it if you try. President Obama
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on Ukraine.
From increased fees to rolling back LGBT rights, the people of Massachusetts have a few #MittMemories to share:
In Terre Haute, IN. Holding a "Change We Need" discussion with Indiana families. Watch it live at
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with @OFA.
I won't pay for new tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires by gutting the investments that have always kept the middle class strong.
Your friends should see this before they vote:
Photo of the day: President Obama is briefed on Hurricane Irene by FEMA and Homeland Security:
Make sure your friends know: The choice between President Obama and Mitt Romney on Medicare couldn t be any clearer.
"Be courageous. Americans are counting on you." @GabbyGiffords urging the Senate today to take action on gun violence
FACT: Romney-Ryan would pay for their $5 trillion tax cut favoring the wealthy by raising middle-class taxes or by exploding the deficit.
Make no mistake: we will fight this spill with everything we ve got for as long as it takes.
#TakeItToTheHouse: Move immigration reform forward to streamline ways for highly skilled workers to build businesses and jobs in the U.S.
We may not be able to help everybody, but if we help a few, then that propels progress forward. President Obama
We've lost a true American hero with the passing of Senator Daniel Inouye. Aloha, Danny. -bo
RT @LeahDungan: #ILikeObamacare because there are millions of children who now have adequate healthcare when they are injured or sick
In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read more:
"The Affordable Care act is moving forward. The funding is already in place. You can't shut it down." President Obama
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016:
Congratulations @AbbyWambach, the greatest goal scorer in the history of women's soccer you've made your country proud. #ChasingAbby
Carbon pollution is a real public health threat: Add your name to support cleaner air.
Another Republican Congressman comes out in support of #immigration reform. This time from California:
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health care coverage." President Obama
Iowa Republican reps on Twitter: @TomLatham (IA-4), @SteveKingIA (IA-5) #compromise
Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year ever:
"On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." President Obama #FlagDay
This @WhiteHouse white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve lives and the economy:
OFA volunteers have set an ambitious goal: knocking on 200,000 doors in just 48 hours. Can you help by hosting a canvass?
Weather-related power outages cost our economy up to $33B over the past ten years. Climate change is making it worse:
President Obama speaks about the American Jobs Act at the University of Richmond. Watch live:
Share how President Obama s plan to extend middle-class tax cuts would help your family:
"House Republicans need to stop careening from one crisis to the other ... I'm tired of it." President Obama on the #Shutdown
You won't get another chance like this: Enter before midnight to meet President Obama and President Clinton.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 2.5 million more young adults have health insurance:
A new way to count the days of December:
The President is heading to Ohio today to lay out the choice we face on the economy this fall. Watch live at 1:45pm ET:
Rallying for @MarthaCoakley in Boston today. Help make sure we get the job done on health reform--Call 5 MA voters:
"Opportunity for all. That's the essence of America." President Obama
Watch President Obama's address on the ongoing debate in Congress on Syria:
President Obama: "We ve got to make sure we reduce our deficit. Unfortunately Governor Romney s plan doesn t do it." #StrongerWithObama
In Fredericksburg, VA. At a "Change We Need" rally with Joe Biden. Watch it live at
It's time to show just how important Wall Street reform and consumer protections are. Join an event tomorrow:
RT if you agree: Our immigration system is broken and it's time for Congress to fix it. #AmericanStory,
"They came from every corner of the country ... to petition their government for regress" President Obama on the 1963 march #MLKDream50
Romney's deficit plan: watch it explode.
Save the date: The White House Summit on #WorkingFamilies is this Monday, June 23.
The election is in 9 weeks: Share GottaRegister _com to make sure your friends are registered to vote.
A government shutdown would disrupt veterans' benefits all in the name of politics. Say #EnoughAlready.
See how President Obama is working to make college more affordable:
Jim Messina: "Tonight America saw its commander in chief and someone who s not ready to be commander in chief." #ProudOfObama
Obama: "Without a director in place, the consumer watchdog agency we've set up doesn't have all the tools it needs to protect consumers."
Friday facts: How President Obama has made reducing carbon pollution a priority.
Watch live: What the payroll tax cut agreement means for folks across the country.
Rep. Ryan has cast 60 anti-choice votes during his time in Congress.
LIVE: President Obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century.
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out:
Confirm you re registered to vote and commit to cast your ballot in one fell swoop.
Every five bucks helped. 97.7% of February's contributions were $250 or less, for an average donation of $59.04.
Join Americans taking the #LiveTheWage Challenge: Could you live on $77 a week?
.@PressSec Robert Gibbs answered your questions about the BP oil spill last night after the Oval Office address. Watch:
Illinois Republican reps on Twitter:@JudyBiggert (IL-13), @RepHultgren (IL-14), @donmanzullo (IL-16), @reptimjohnson (IL-15)
Education is about more than getting into college or getting a good job. It s about giving each of us the chance to fulfill our promise.
As Black History Month draws to a close, here s a look back at the launch of #AfAm2012:
There's still time to get your loved ones together for a good talk about getting covered.
Just three days left until our crucial fundraising deadline. Can you give $5 today?
I'm asking you to come together once more to cast your vote for Democrats tomorrow.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling.
Hundreds of #Obama2012 events are happening all over the country for MLK Day tomorrow find one near you:
9.5 million Americans have signed up for coverage and we're not done yet.
Asking you to help Get Out the Vote in these last few critical hours of our campaign for change. Visit
8 states in 48 hours: An inside look at President Obama s two-day tour around the country last week.
Nick, age 9, saw the President the last time he was in Denver. He made this sign all by himself.
President Obama on preparing for a global economy: We pull together. We up our game. We fight back. We work hard. We win.
What's more important passing a budget or defunding Obamacare? #EnoughAlready
Launching an official iPhone App. Tell iPhone users to visit
Hosting a Hanukkah reception at the White House. Watch live at 6:35pm ET at
I have a lot of friends who are gay, and just to know that there's someone there, looking to make things right, is meaningful. Cynthia
Watch live: President Obama delivers the commencement address at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado.
Mike has a pre-existing condition but the health insurance he got through the #ACA makes it more manageable:
It's a big moment: 475,000 donors now own a piece of this campaign. Thank you, everyone.
Janet was the first winner of #DinnerWithBarack, and you could be the next one. Take the chance by chipping in $2:
Happy birthday to AmeriCorps, which has been #GettingThingsDone for 20 years:
Happening now: President Obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment.
President Obama on Mitt Romney: "We don't need an outsourcing pioneer in the Oval Office."
RT @ChrisCialeo The Cedar Rapids @OFA_IA Office is packed with #Obama2012 volunteers making calls for the #iacaucus!
Photos from yesterday s canvass kick-off in Philadelphia with lots of fired-up supporters:
President Obama on women s health: The health care law that we passed put those choices in your hands, where they belong. #ACA
RT if you agree: Romney Economics didn't work in Massachusetts then, and it won t work for the country now.
A second term deserves a second #Obama2012 bumper sticker. Sign up to get a free one today:
Republican op-ed explains, "There is no longer any credible scientific debate about the basic facts"
Eric has a story that you need to hear:
When the American auto industry was on the brink of collapse, Gov. Romney said we should just let Detroit go bankrupt. President Obama
Help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level:
OFA will be live-tweeting the special address to Congress, beginning at 8pm ET. Watch it live:
Thank you.
I promise to stand up for you, like you have stood up for me time and time again.
In case you missed it last night, here's President Clinton's full speech:
I am not going to ask middle-class families to pay over $2,000 more so that millionaires &amp; billionaires can pay less. President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Milwaukee about his plan for an economy built to last.
"Climate change is not a hoax. More droughts and wildfires are not a joke. They're a threat to your future." President Obama
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing:
President Obama yesterday: the House GOP "will not collect a ransom in exchange for not crashing the American economy."
ICYMI: Read about the historic #ParisAgreement and what it means for the fight to #ActOnClimate.
FACT: Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan s plan to repeal Obamacare would raise Medicare premiums and prescription drug costs for seniors.
"This is not just about American rights. It's about human rights." President Obama #ADA25
"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." President Obama #SOTU
RT if you support the candidate who s fighting for all Americans, not the one writing off half the country.
It's the #GimmeFive challenge, presidential style.
"Those who already feel the effects of a changing climate don t have time to deny it they re busy dealing with it." President Obama
"The nation that leads the clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the global economy. And America must be that nation." #SOTU
"Over the past two decades, our immigration system hasn't kept pace with changing times." President Obama
"When I step into the voting booth, I think about the world I want to leave my 2 daughters." Bloomberg endorses Obama:
Women in America need a fair shot. See why:
In step.
Today, @OFA_NH will be live-tweeting as @VP visits the Granite State to file the papers that will put #Obama2012 on the NH ballot.
Bill Clinton last night: "We have to re-elect President Obama." Say you're in now:
In his weekly address, President Obama explains why we can t wait any longer for Congress to act on jobs:
In Dover, NH. Holding a discussion on "Tax Relief for the Middle Class." Watch it live at
President Obama: A great teacher can change the course of a child s life.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, all new insurance plans now cover many preventive services with no co-pay or deductible. #ACA
Although not perfect, this compromise is an essential step on the road to recovery.
Thanks to the #ACA, 90% of uninsured veterans will gain access to affordable health insurance:
This election is close, and your vote could make the difference. Confirm where to cast your ballot now:
People around the country are excited to vote for President Obama here are just a few reasons why.
Repealing #Obamacare: still a bad idea.
Today s grassroots fundraising tip make a hard ask. Be clear about what you want and when you need it.
"Let s embrace an economic patriotism that says we rise or fall together, as one nation." President Obama
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the successes of the Affordable Care Act.
The new GOP agenda isn't a prescription for a better future. It s an echo of a disastrous decade we can t afford to relive.
There is no excuse to delay the #SCOTUS nomination add your name to @OFA's petition if you agree:
"Michelle and I extend our best wishes for a joyous Eid al-Adha to Muslims around the world." President Obama
Marriage equality. Obamacare. A global climate agreement. Push for more progress:
President Obama: When my opponent said we should let Detroit go bankrupt no, don t boo. Vote!
POTUS: That s the reason I m running for a second term as President of the United States: I want to move this country forward.
Romney and Ryan would give $150 billion in subsidies back to insurance companies and, amazingly, undo progress to cut out fraud and abuse.
We need leaders on #immigration. Will one of these five representatives will push the House to act? #ActOnReform
The countdown clock says 92 days until the election find an #Obama2012 event near you:
President Obama urges Congress to stop stalling and extend the payroll tax cut for middle-class Americans:
RT @jeremybird: 35,000 - From every corner of the state!, the @storify slideshow by @ofa_pa
"In a few days, Congress might allow a series of arbitrary budget cuts to take place known in Washington as 'the sequester.' #JobsOverCuts
"This is the fourth Netroots Nation of my presidency. That's like 200,000 news cycles on Twitter."
A few friends are throwing the President a birthday party at the Obamas' home in Chicago, and you have a chance to go:
Watch: This could be you this summer.
Watch live: President Obama and the First Lady honor recipients of the 2011 Medal of Freedom at the White House.
These six @OFA_CO volunteers have pledged to register 330 new voters:
Watch the weekly address: We're making real economic progress but we have to keep it up.
Donate to Organizing for America's health care campaign by 12am Thurs, and you could come to Chicago:
President Obama: Weapons of war "have no place on our streets, in our schools, or threatening our law enforcement officers." #WeDemandAVote
This was never just about putting a president in the White House. It was about building a movement for change that endures.
President Obama s loudest, proudest supporter:
Retweet to spread the word. #GetCovered
Watch: See how this Maine shoe store owner takes care of his employees.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from the Obamas:
Confident that our troops will adapt to a repeal of DADT and remain the best led, best trained, best equipped fighting force in the world.
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." President Obama
This is your chance at dinner with the Obamas:
Make sure the women in your life know: The GOP wants to take us back to the 1950s on women s health.
David Plouffe lays out what's ahead in the final 56 days before the November elections and how you can make a difference.
Romney and Ryan want to end Medicare as we know it while giving millionaires a tax cut and Floridians aren t buying it:
POTUS: Go to gottaregister _com. If you want to find out how to vote early, go to gottavote _com. We gotta whole lot more work to do.
ICYMI: House leadership has stalled on #immigration reform for more than a year, so President Obama is taking action.
The #CostOfInaction on immigration reform is nearing $10 billion. Watch in real-time how much is being lost:
This work needs you. Pledge to do your part for health care enrollment:
"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch them and we will." President Obama #IranDeal
Yes We Can! Please tell all your friends in the Feb 5th States to vote today. To find polling info visit:
We must face the challenges of today with the strength, persistence, and determination exhibited by Dr. King, guided by hope and justice.
Calling all artists: put your creativity to work in support of President Obama s plan to create jobs.
Time to check this one off your bucket list:
President Obama is taking an all-of-the-above approach to addressing our nation s energy challenges:
President Obama honors veterans for their service and sacrifice:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Stand up for global action on climate change add your name:
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses America's resurgence and how he'll continue to build progress.
TODAY: Your last chance to get health insurance in 2014.
Watch live: President Clinton speaks at #DNC2012.
RT if you stand with the President on rewarding companies that create jobs and manufacturing right here in America:
The 3 basic goals of health reform: A) To provide security and stability to Americans with health insurance _ #hc09
Starting Oct 1, #Obamacare makes finding affordable health insurance as simple as shopping online you pick your plan:
Just 44 days left to re-elect our 44th President. Pitch in $5 now, when it matters most, to help put him over the top:
"This should be a no brainer." President Obama on reducing the burden of student loan debt #CollegeOpportunity
"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. And that s something worth celebrating." President Obama
President Obama: "I will work every single day to make sure that America continues to be the greatest nation on earth."
Happening now: President Obama hosts a town hall in Minneapolis. Tune in:
He's trying to reclaim that community spirit, where the top helps the bottom and the bottom helps the top. Sally on President Obama
Old school. #ThrowbackThursday
Midnight tomorrow is our most critical fundraising deadline yet chip in $3 so we can out-organize the other side:
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure high call out their obstructionism.
Meet Dorothy Cooper. She s 96 and has been voting for decades then the rules changed:
RT @OFA_NH: .@VP with #Obama2012 field organizers:
America controls its own destiny. We re not dependent on someone else. President Obama on the need for an all-of-the-above energy strategy
Obama: "I ll never turn Medicare into a voucher. No American should spend their golden years at the mercy of insurance companies."
"We're using existing money to create opportunities for hardworking Americans like you." President Obama #ActOnJobs
All smiles in the Oval Office.
The Affordable Care Act makes staying healthy easier. Repeal would make it harder. #WhatRepealMeans
Don't wait. Get covered.
RT if you agree: It's time for Congress to work with the President to ensure that America makes things the rest of the world buys. #JobsNow
No one should ever have to go bankrupt because they get sick. Take a stand and get a free #TeamObamacare sticker:
Start 2014 on the right foot:
It should never be controversial to ask our students to stay in school. Watch today's speech:
In May, U.S. manufacturing expanded for the 34th straight month and has added more jobs than any time since the 1990s. #MadeInAmerica
Today's your last chance to get a free Obama-Biden bumper sticker. Don t miss out pick your favorite now:
"Gov. Romney doesn't have a 5-point plan. He has a 1-point plan... to make sure that folks at the top play by a different set of rules."
President Obama: I'm going to do what I can to raise wages for hard working Americans. #OpportunityForAll
President Obama: I m a long ways away from giving up on this fight. I've got a lot of fight left in me." #Forward2012
Say no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet:
President Obama: "Now is not the time to play politics while people s livelihoods are at stake."
"I believe that working Americans should have the basic security of paid leave." President Obama #LeadOnLeave
"Selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." President Obama #Selma50 #MarchOn
How does your tax rate compare to Mitt Romney s?
Thanks to health care reform, 12.8 million Americans will receive rebate checks from health insurers this summer totaling $1.1 billion.
Do you live near a battleground state? This weekend s the perfect time for a road trip:
A look back at how President Obama helped save the American auto industry:
From our family to everyone celebrating Hanukkah, Chag Sameach. -bo
Obama: "We won t grow the middle class simply by shifting the cost of health care or college onto families that are already struggling."
The world is #UnitedOnClimate it's time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board.
RT @TheDemocrats: Just launched our Facebook timeline - check it out and tweet back your favorite #DemAchievement:
Today s reason to get involved: President Obama hosted the first White House LGBT pride reception.
Coffee and a handshake:
For this Florida company, #RomneyEconomics meant bankruptcy and thousands of lost jobs:
President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina.
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." President Obama #SOTU
RT @ElisabethFitz: I have undergrad loans and now grad loans 'cause I need a better future. Please #DontDoubleMyRate.
"The auto industry has come roaring back, and housing has begun to rise." President Obama
"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change:
Sign the petition join the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process:
Back home in Chicago. Spoke at Unity 08 Convention for Journalists of Color at McCormick Place.
"In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." #ThisIsWhy Margaret is thankful for health care reform:
Between droughts, wildfires, and dangerous storms, the effects of #climate change are real. It's time to act:
Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates:
In 2009, 1,470 millionaires paid $0 in federal income tax. The Buffett Rule would make sure they pay their #FairShare.
I will do anything to get you to go out and vote on November 6th. Will Ferrell s not kidding:
Don't miss it: President Obama will deliver a statement on health care enrollment at 4:15 p.m. ET.
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics. #DoYourJob
LIVE: President Obama speaks at the City Club of Cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics.
"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." President Obama #IranDeal
LIVE: The President is detailing ways to give students more access to the latest technologies.
"It s about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Fired up from the #SOTU? RSVP to hear @VP talk about the work ahead with @OFA supporters:
$2,000 is two months of daycare, which allows me to work outside of the home! Sera, TX #My2K
Read about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills:
From this family to yours, have a peaceful Christmas Eve.
Drug costs reduced by 50%, insurance for pre-existing conditions, and other ways the #ACA helped Americans in 2011:
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge.
This month and every month. #LoveIsLove
The time is now for the House to take up immigration reform. Add your voice and let's #TakeItToTheHouse:
U.S.A.! U.S.A.!
LIVE: The President is speaking at the White House Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit.
Read all about it: OFA supporters young and old call out climate deniers.
There are only three weeks left to get #AffordableCare in 2014. Check your options today:
"Manufacturing is coming back to America. Home values are back on the rise. We have come too far to turn back now." President Obama
"Many of these issues are not partisan until they get to Washington." President Obama
Breaking down Mitt Romney s plan to raise taxes on the middle class:
FACT: President Obama s health care law saves Medicare $716 billion by cutting waste and fraud.
When all Americans are treated equally no matter who they are or whom they love our country will be a better place.
Immigrants are part of our #AmericanStory and common-sense #immigration reform is part of our future economic growth:
Dinner and some hoops with President Obama and a few basketball legends. Enter now:
RT if you agree with the President that we need to invest in clean energy that s #MadeInAmerica:
Maxine won t forget her chat with the First Lady or their fist bump:
"The unexpected happens every day that is both the fun and the stressful part about the job." @SchultzOhio of @OFA_OH:
Love you back.
Great news: The uninsured rate in the U.S. has dropped to 12.9 percent.
Mitt Romney asked Paul Ryan for 10 years of tax returns, but he s only released one full year of his own:
What will you talk about at #DinnerWithBarack? The deadline is tomorrow, so make sure you enter today:
@PJHines Volunteers like you will make a big difference in November thanks for helping to get the ball rolling!
LIVE: President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers.
Your voice can make a difference in whether someone votes today. Make calls to voters:
"What determines success should not be our gender, but rather our talent." President Obama
This is progress but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody.
The race is on:
The President s speech starts in an hour, and Cleveland is fired up:
"We have come farther and recovered faster than just about any advanced economy on Earth." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Best of luck to the U.S. soccer team you re representing all of us at the World Cup. We're incredibly proud of what you ve done already.
Supporters around the country spent the long weekend honoring our veterans and registering voters:
Now, the fight for equal rights moves on. Here's the next front: repealing the so-called Defense of Marriage Act.
President Obama: "We ve now created 4.5 million new jobs over the last 29 months."
"If you want to know who we are, what America is, how we respond to evil that s it. Selflessly. Compassionately. Unafraid." President Obama
Mitt Romney just criticized President Obama for wanting to hire more police, firefighters, and teachers:
Last call to throw your name in the hat for dinner with President Obama:
Just 15 minutes until the GOP debate starts get your pledges in now:
A group of Republicans is willing to hurt our economy over a law they don't like. Tell them #EnoughAlready:
The March 31st deadline is here, and President Obama has a message to share:
"We know all of you know that in a 21st century economy higher education is the single best investment in your future." President Obama
Yesterday, the Senate GOP voted against #EqualPay for equal work. Fight back:
In you, the American people, I am reminded of all the things that tilt the future in our favor."
.@HolyPallyGirl: POTUS signed Ledbetter, pushing for Paycheck Fairness Act. Obamacare ends insurance discrimination. We can't go back. -Axe
In this week's address, President Obama speaks about #ABetterBargain for homeowners. Watch here:
Today belongs to the people of Egypt, who have made it clear that nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day.
North Dakota Republican rep on Twitter: @reprickberg #compromise
Today, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Haiti. Learn about relief efforts and how you can help:
In case you missed his speech yesterday, watch the President lay out his plan for an economy that works for everyone:
If you care about #immigration reform, pick up the phone. Call your representative today:
Retweet if you think President Obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system. #ImmigrationAction
Donate to support President Obama with just one click using our new Quick Donate system:
"When it comes to our troops ... We stand united." President Obama #JoiningForces
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today:
Get 10% off all orders of $10 or more today with the code DEADLINE:
If you say you re for equal pay for equal work but you refuse to say whether you d sign a bill that protects it, you might have #Romnesia.
It's your chance to support this movement chip in $5 before tonight's deadline:
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one.
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to #ActOnClimate.
There's still time to #BeatTheBuzzer: Check out your options and #GetCoveredNow.
Read this: American workers must be equipped with the skills needed to compete in the 21st century.
Stand with the President. Say #EnoughAlready:
LIVE: President Obama is talking to the nation's youngest scientists at the #WHScienceFair. Tune in:
President Obama took a stand in support of same-sex marriage yesterday. Stand with him:
Stand with state leaders who are fighting to #ActOnClimate with the Clean Power Plan:
The future is ours to win. But to get there, we can t just stand still. #SOTU
Maryanne has better coverage at a lower cost:
The majority of small business owners and Americans of all political affiliations support #ENDA:
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination process sign the petition:
While I stay focused on the job you elected me to do, the work of laying the foundation for our campaign must start today.
At the second break we have two double-downs, one backtrack. Stay with us for the final stretch:
ME: Joe, about halfway through the speech, I m gonna wish you a happy birth-- BIDEN: IT S MY BIRTHDAY! ME: Joe. _
"I'm 84 and I'm dedicating the rest of my life to Democratic causes like President Obama's campaign here in Omaha."
Today's reason to give comes in video form:
This is what the gender pay gap looks like for women just four years after college graduation:
Romney said let Detroit go bankrupt and Michiganders haven t forgotten:
Even if it saves one life. #DemandAction,
To the naysayers in Washington who said walk away from the auto industry, my message to them is this: Don t bet against the American worker.
"A broad majority of Americans agree we should raise the minimum wage." President Obama on creating #ABetterBargain for the middle class
Photo of the day: President Obama receives an economic briefing in Chilmark, Massachusetts:
Jay-Z and Beyonc will be meeting up with the President for an evening in NYC sometime soon and you could join them:
If you think it's time for Congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name:
"Today, we express our gratitude by saying once more: Welcome home."
Thank you, God Bless you, and may He forever bless these United States of America.
"There is not a single issue out there where I look at it and I say we can't make progress" President Obama. Join in
Secretary Hilda Solis explains why immigration reform is an economic imperative:
Send a message that you support giving students and service men and women a path to citizenship through the DREAM Act:
We are made for this moment, and we will seize it so long as we seize it together. President Obama
"We are doing everything we possibly can to get the website working." President Obama #GetCovered
"We know it's what we should be doing and what drives me nuts is Washington isn't doing it." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
Here's one way to help @OFA call out climate change deniers in Congress:
Vote on the Flunked-Science Four now:
"Immigration reform needs to happen." Nathan A. on why our broken system is preventing his military service:
39 reasons to re-elect President Obama:
There are two days to make an impact before Tuesday s elections. Take time today to call voters in your state.
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to #RaiseTheWage.
Our journey is not complete until all our children know that they are cared for, and cherished, and always safe from harm.
FACT: Students could lose more than $1 billion in financial aid and education funding because Congress failed to stop severe budget cuts.
This is just the latest step forward in the push to #ActOnClimate.
RT @TimKaine: Don't sit on the sidelines:
Read how the Obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage:
"Thanks to the hard work of the American people, America's coming back." President Obama
Editorial boards around the country agree: Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football.
Here's a deadline you don't want to miss: Enroll by Dec. 23rd for health care coverage starting Jan. 1st.
President Obama: "Hello, Buckeyes! O-H..." Audience: "I-O!"
This is huge: The United States and China have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon pollution.
Today s reason to give: Getting folks involved in politics can shape the vision and future of our country.
President Obama, Patrick Ewing, and you? Enter to win two spots at the Obama Classic for you and a guest:
RT @whitehouse: "Advise the Advisor": New series explains what the President s up to, asks for your ideas. Plouffe up 1st:
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a call for action at the U.N. Climate Summit.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council #LaborDay Breakfast.
RT if you agree: If we can save even one child from gun violence, we have an obligation to try. #WeDemandAVote,
When your loved ones get together this holiday season, remember to talk to them about health insurance.
The future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo. But those children are our future, and that s who we re fighting for.
In the final hours before the last polls close, you can still make a difference in close races out west:
In case you missed it last night, here's President Obama and Jimmy Fallon slow-jamming the news:
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland a hearing.
To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they ve done nothing wrong. My statement:
They made me feel like I was talking to an old friend I hadn t seen in a long time." Richard on meeting the Obamas:
Retweet if you think it's time to act on the student loan debt crisis. #DegreesNotDebt
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Nevada at the National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Watch the opening session of the White House Conference on Bullying Prevention live at 10:35am ET.
"I could not be prouder of the work you've done to help America get covered." President Obama #ActionSummit
"He says 'entity' a lot."
Mitt Romney: Believe in China.
"A home of your own has always been the clearest expression of middle-class security." President Obama #ABetterBargain
President Obama praises U. of Central Missouri for their innovative approach to making education accessible &amp; affordable. #ABetterBargain
It's Wednesday. Need a hug?
FACT: President Obama s college tax credit helped more than 9 million students and families save money on tuition last year. #progress
FACT: Over his final two years as governor of Massachusetts, Romney only filled 25% of new appointments with women. #RomneysBinders
President Obama signed his first bill into law four years ago today: The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
Today President Obama speaks in Chattanooga about #ABetterBargain for the middle class. Watch live at 2:00 p.m. ET:
Celebrate #NationalBestFriendsDay with the person who brings out the best in you.
President Obama and the Democratic Party have an agenda that is progressive and pro-growth. Raymond, CT
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, you're covered at the pharmacy too.
Thank you for your tireless work and for never giving up. You showed that change is possible this is your victory.
President Obama has one more campaign in him, and he's asking you to be a part of it:
The President is standing by American homeowners his new plan could help families save up to $3K per year:
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Ohio about what s at stake this fall.
Around 1:30am, I woke up, looked at the results, and had the biggest smile. I yelled Woohoo! and was so thankful. Lauri, WI
On Romney: "He's hoping you don't remember that his economic plan is more likely to create jobs in China than here in the United States."
Let s at least agree to do what we agree on. POTUS on the need for Congress to extend tax cuts for the middle class:
Don't miss President Obama's speech on health care today at 3:55 p.m. ET.
"The best days for this country we love are still ahead." President Obama #ABetterBargain
Florida Republican reps on Twitter: @RepDennisRoss (FL-12), @VernBuchanan (FL-13), @ConnieMackIV ( FL-14), @congbillposey (FL-15)
Oil companies don t need tax subsidies they make billions from your trips to the pump. Tell Congress to end them:
State of the Union watch parties are happening across the country--share your photos using #SOTU2012.
"We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." President Obama #SOTU
"Over the past couple of years in particular, Washington hasn t just ignored the problem too often, it s made things worse." President Obama
Here's #WhatRepealMeans: Millions would lose access to affordable health care. We can't go back.
"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." President Obama
Backstage with the President in Fairfax, Virginia.
Thousands have taken a stand for health care reform the fight's not over. Add your name:
As a presidential candidate, I pledged to bring the Iraq war to a responsible end. That's exactly what we're doing as promised, on schedule.
Just 48 days till summer recess ask Congress to put politics aside and create jobs.
FACT: Romney s firm invested in a Denver-based electronics manufacturer that laid off more than 1,500 workers and sent jobs to Mexico.
Share the story of how you got involved in this campaign, and you could inspire someone else to do the same:
Quick you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.
ICYMI: President Obama showed the world how the United States is leading in the fight against #climate change.
Read President Obama's @NYTimes op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help #StopGunViolence in America:
It s #LastCall2014 and your chance to save is slipping away. Enroll now.
Your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. Own a piece of it:
Tell Congress: Never let an extreme minority call the shots again.
President Obama: "We repealed 'Don t Ask, Don t Tell,' as I promised we would."
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families.
15,573 people and counting:
RT @OFA_MD: Tonight was a BLAST here in Silver Spring, where hundreds turned out for our house meeting! #bo50
"Mass incarceration makes our country worse off and we need to do something about it." President Obama
Happy Pride Month. #LoveIsLove
"After years of talking about it, we re finally poised to take control of our energy future."
After facing a six-month lapse in health care, Amy will never be without coverage again:
Enter before midnight and you and your BFF could meet the President this fall.
Deeply disappointed that Republican senators have prevented the Paycheck Fairness Act from being brought up for a debate and a vote.
Presidential portrait. (h/t @iamkidpresident)
Big congratulations to all #OFAfellows starting today. Let's get to it.
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." President Obama
It's time for Congress to #ActOnReform. Take a stand:
FACT: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Medicare recipients have saved nearly $4 billion on prescription drugs.
ICYMI: President Obama is working to #MakeCollegeAffordable for middle class families. Watch this week's address.
Check out this map of uninsured Americans:
Speaking in New York this Thursday to call for swift action on Wall Street reform.
"She stands as an example to our daughters that there is no glass ceiling that can t be shattered." Obama on Margaret Thatcher's passing
"The people of the world look to us to lead. And we welcome that responsibility." President Obama
About to begin the conversation with #OFA -- tune in at 5:45pm ET. In the meantime, chat live with other supporters:
Mitt Romney claims that running a financial buyout company gives him the experience our country needs in a president.
Share your story if Congress has kept you #OutInTheCold by refusing to extend unemployment insurance:
The constituents from these districts support #immigration which one of these representatives will #ActOnReform?
"Let s keep taxes low for 98% of Americans ... Let s keep taxes low for 97% of small business owners." President Obama
Obamacare increases Medicare s solvency 8 years longer than without health care reform. #FactsMatter
Act fast, or you might miss this.
President Obama: It's time to raise the minimum wage. Watch the weekly address:
Watch: President Obama's message to @OFA about @Obamacare:
George and his mom Cathe are going door to door registering voters in Arizona:
POTUS: "We can gut education to pay for Gov. Romney s tax cuts, or we can do what I propose recruit 100,000 math and science teachers."
The time has come for this nation to fully embrace a clean energy future, and I will work with anyone from either party to get this done.
"In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
"One of the best investments we can make in a child s life is high-quality early education." President Obama #SOTU
"Companies, instead of outsourcing, are thinking about insourcing once again." President Obama #MadeInAmerica
FACT: Since 1968, more Americans have died from gun violence than in all of America's wars combined. #TimeToAct,
"From our family to yours, chag sameach." President Obama #Passover
President Obama announces a once-in-a-generation step forward for the environment and public health:
President Obama: "I m not one of those people who believe that we should just sit by and wait for the housing market to hit bottom."
Pre-Obamacare #TBT: When an insurance company canceled a teenager's policy after she got sick
Kevin, a teacher we profiled a few weeks ago, wrote in with good news and a call to support the President's jobs plan.
This ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality. #LoveWins
Tomorrow s our biggest fundraising deadline yet. Chip in $3 to help make sure we see four more years of progress:
"Some people prefer cake. I like pie." President Obama
In case you missed it, hear the First Lady's answers to questions folks tweeted to her at @MichelleObama:
This is what happens when the people vote. Congrats @RalphNortham and @PhilMurphyNJ . And congratulations to all th _
"We don't look backwards, we look forward." President Obama
A summer organizing fellowship could change your life, your community, and the country. Apply here:
"I would bring my 16-year-old son to let him know if you work hard anything is possible" - Shela on who she'd bring to #DinnerWithBarack
Retweet to spread the word: The CBO report shows that #ImmigrationReform is a common-sense way to grow our economy and reduce the deficit.
RT if you agree: It's time to protect our kids' health by making sure our cars burn cleaner fuel and use less gas. #OFAClimate
I m asking you to help me recruit 100,000 math and science teachers, and improve early childhood education. President Obama
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Georgia about his plan to expand early childhood education.
Mitt Romney isn't telling voters the truth about his plans for this country:
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senate sign @OFA's petition:
President Obama summarizes #Obamacare opponents' argument: Shut it down before people realize they like it.
If you say women should have access to contraceptive care but you support laws that would let employers deny it, you've got #Romnesia.
This week, President Obama announced new student loan reforms and help for homeowners:
The 3 basic goals of health reform: C) To slow the growth of health care costs for our families, our businesses, and our government #hc09
From @WashingtonPost: "Nine ways the shutdown will get more painful as it drags on"
More than $200 a month in savings: #ThisIsWhy the Affordable Care Act matters to Jake.
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance:
It's your last chance to get #Obama2012 merch before the new year. Take 12% off with the code Tweet2012:
President Obama on the Senate's passage of a bill to ban insider trading by members of Congress (on to the House!):
President Obama in his weekly address: "A woman deserves to earn equal pay for equal work."
WATCH: President Obama talks with 6-year-old "Supergirls" at the #WHScienceFair.
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's #SCOTUS nominee and there's plenty of time to do so.
President Obama in St. Petersburg, Florida today: "Only you have the power to move us forward."
Make sure to sign President Obama's birthday card today:
ICYMI: #Obamacare will ban insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same coverage.
RT if you agree: If we can t trust Romney to tell the truth on the campaign trail, we can't trust him in the Oval Office.
President Obama sat down with @voxdotcom to discuss health care, the economy, and America's position in the world:
In Toledo, OH. Holding a discussion on the economy. Watch it live at
LIVE: President Obama is at @UWLaCrosse speaking about economic progress.
"This country succeeds on a growing, thriving middle class." President Obama
Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate change and creates jobs. #ActOnClimate
"The American people refuse to be terrorized." President Obama
With Senator Evan Bayh at a "Change We Need" Rally in Indianapolis, Indiana. Watch it live at
Obama to Romney: "I said if I had bin Laden in our view, I would take a shot. You said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man."
In this week's address, President Obama talks about reaching a milestone for American energy. Watch:
Not voting could be the difference between being in a hospital or living my life in good health.
"All of us have a right to be proud of the progress America has made." President Obama
The 2012 White House holiday card, starring Bo:
Delivering remarks on the economy at Smith Electric Vehicles in Kansas City, MO. Listen live at 1:30 pm ET.
"California is living through some of its driest years in a century." President Obama
President Obama answers questions on the status of deficit talks at 11am ET. Watch live:
Thanks to the #ACA, being a woman will no longer be a pre-existing condition in 2014. Women deserve equal rates for equal coverage.
In his weekly address, the President discusses the urgency of bipartisanship in deficit negotiations.
President Obama on defending Sandra Fluke: I wanted Sandra to know that I thought her parents should be proud of her.
In 2013 our economy grew, and our deficit shrunk. Take a look back at the year in review:
Will special interests and super PACs decide this election, or will regular Americans? Help close the gap:
RT if you agree: I am one of the 92% of Americans who support background checks for gun sales. #NowIsTheTime
A majority of Americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in America:
ICYMI: Only 4.6% of Fortune 1000 companies are run by women. Let's change that. #StandWithWomen
Because of #Obamacare, health insurance premiums are set to fall 50% in New York. More from @NYTimes:
Signed a bill today that protects citizens from violence based on what they look like, who they love or how they pray:
A very happy birthday to the @VP.
Yes, you.
"In a relentlessly-changing economy, we ve got more work to do." President Obama on growing economic opportunity
The Affordable Care Act is working for millions of Americans.
"Profitable companies like Costco have long seen higher wages as good business." President Obama #RaiseTheWage #OpportunityForAll
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Nevada about his "to-do list" for Congress.
Photo of the day: @OFA_PA staff are taking to their bikes to remind people to vote today.
Election Day is just 4 weeks away. Pitch in $20 that s only $5 each week to help win this election:
"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." President Obama #ConstitutionDay
President Obama: We have an obligation to make sure that all children have the resources they need to learn.
Add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence.
Become an @OFA founding member today, and you'll be automatically entered to win a free trip to Washington, D.C.:
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, nearly 10,000 people won't see their health insurance rates hiked:
This is it the polls are open in MA. Your calls can help send Martha Coakley to the Senate:
"I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." President Obama
Obamacare is working and it's lowering the uninsured rate:
Weekly address: Starting Tuesday, millions of Americans finally have a chance to buy quality, affordable health care.
RT @Messina2012: A year out from the election, this sums up why we're here. New video, please watch and share.
"Justice requires the right to vote." President Obama
This is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding TAA:
VP Biden: The two budgets the congressman introduced have eviscerated all that the middle class cares about. #DetailsMatter
Americans deserve to know who's trying to sway their elections we can't allow special interests to silence anyone who stands up to them.
"I know that my students and I will carry these scars for the rest of our lives." Rachel S.
Our nation deserves comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform. Time to #TakeItToTheHouse:
Today's #SCOTUS ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices.
Judge Garland is a qualified #SCOTUSnominee with past bipartisan approval show your support:
Watch President Obama's message to @OFA supporters: It's time to raise the minimum wage.
"For our nation, for the economy, for our people." Rock on, @sr_simone:
If you're reading this, we bet you like both @BarackObama and hashtags and that you'll like our new Twitter shirt.
Don't wait to #GetCovered. Check out your options today:
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama promised to take action on #climate change. Tomorrow, see how he is keeping his word.
Touchdown POTUS vs. pick-six Mitt. The choice is yours:
Super lovable. #LoveYourPetDay
"A child's course in life should be determined not by the ZIP code she's born in, but by the strength of her work ethic." President Obama
"This is where it all began 4 years ago. On your front porches, in your backyards: This is where the movement for change began."
"Women deserve equal pay for equal work." President Obama #OpportunityForAll #SOTU
"When we have a level playing field, Americans out-compete anyone in the world." President Obama
WATCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with Iran.
Every day we don t act, the same system that led to bailouts for big banks remains. It's time for Wall Street reform.
President Obama: "If we can come together and get this right, we can define a sustainable future for your generation." #ActOnClimate
"If we re going to truly fix a broken system, we need Congress to act in a comprehensive way." President Obama on #ImmigrationReform
We've accomplished a lot together over the past three years. This Thanksgiving, what are you most thankful for?
WATCH: The President is in St. Paul encouraging job creation and infrastructure restoration.
No one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to #GetCovered. Thanks to Obamacare, you can find a plan that m _
The @EPA is working to make our dirtiest power plants cleaner. #ActOnClimate
President Obama speaks in Colorado about college affordability. Watch live:
This West Wing Week, the President led the federal response to Hurricane Irene, made a key appointment, and more:
Watch live: President Obama welcomes the BCS National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide to the White House.
Happy birthday to a great @VP.
Some states are making real progress to #RaiseTheWage. Read more:
.@GeorgeTakei, @JaneMarieLynch, @JesseTyler and more share why they support President Obama:
This election is about our future. It s about what we want this country to be and you have a say. Vote today.
With tonight's Senate vote on Wall St. reform, we re a step closer to protecting consumers & our economy, and holding big banks accountable.
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously."
"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Fact check: Romney's tax claims challenged by nonpartisan report.
Wall St. reform helps families, businesses, and the entire economy. I urge the Senate to act quickly, so I can sign it into law next week.
Still a BFD:
"If Congress will not do their job, at least we can do ours." President Obama #ActOnReform
Don't waste a moment in 2014 worrying about health insurance. Be covered on January 1st:
POTUS: Insurance companies can no longer place lifetime limits on your care. They can no longer jack up your premiums without reason. #ACA
American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the #IranDeal. Read how:
76 days until the election pick out your favorite car magnet to show your #Obama2012 pride:
I said I would cut taxes for small businesses, who are the drivers and engines of growth, and we ve cut them 18 times. President Obama
President Obama: We don t turn back. We leave no one behind. We pull each other up.
.@SocialSecurity says #ImmigrationReform will add 3.2 million jobs and boost GDP by 1.6 percent over 10 years.
Over the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs. President Obama #SOTU
Two years ago today, Elena Kagan was sworn in as the Supreme Court s fourth female justice:
Tune in tomorrow to hear the President's plan for continuing to build a strong, thriving middle class:
Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the storm. Support Red Cross relief efforts here:
"I don't care if ideas are Democrat or Republican. I do care that they work." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
The bill hasn t changed. The need hasn t changed. The only thing that has changed apparently was the politics.
There s no such thing as a day off for #Obama2012 volunteers and this team wouldn t have it any other way:
Volunteers are getting ready for the final days before the election and there s no better time to get involved.
Make a donation to @OFA today and you'll be automatically entered for a free trip to Washington, D.C.:
Apply for a fall internship at #Obama2012 HQ. It s the home stretch and it s gonna be exciting:
Going to Nevada Oct. 22 for a rally to launch the final push for the fall campaign, and I want you there with me backstage.
"We made change work for us, always extending America s promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." President Obama #SOTU
Holding a discussion on the economy with families in Richmond, VA. Listen live at 3:35pm ET:
You + President Obama = epic selfie. This could be you if you win. Airfare and hotel included:
Reach out and help build this movement pitch in:
"It s up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all Americans." President Obama #ACAWorks
"On November 2, I need you as fired up as you were in 2008."
This election will affect our generation for the rest of our lives. Nicholas on why he s an #Obama2012 donor:
"Nothing will be given to you. The world is tough out there ... but I know you guys can succeed." President Obama to young men of color
Shopping for affordable, quality health care? Share your @Obamacare stories as you #GetCovered:
We should hire more teachers and continue to make college more affordable not cut student aid. #JobsNotCuts,
Four years ago today:
Today, two women are making history becoming the first to graduate from the @USArmy's Ranger School:
Nearly every GOP senator voted to double student loan interest rates today. RT if you stand with the President to keep college affordable.
Tired of hearing GOP candidates attack the President? Join the grassroots team that'll take the lead in fighting back:
Here's the part we're pretty incredibly proud of: 98% of all the contributions that people sent in were $250 or less. #Obama 2012
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator.
Visit
They re doing the same job with the same qualifications and they re being paid differently.
More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each year that can change.
President Obama: "We have made sure that millions of young people are able to get an education when they weren't able to before."
President Obama: "Today, the United States is less dependent on foreign oil than at any time in the last two decades."
Show your @OFA pride.
"About 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10." President Obama #RaiseTheWage
See why these Americans believe in raising the minimum wage:
"Our economic success has never come from the top down; it comes from the middle out." President Obama
The President's plan begins with making America a magnet for jobs and high-tech manufacturing:
"Congress needs to come back into session and address this before we lose more of our brightest and best." Jack E.
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you ll join me in acts of remembrance." President Obama
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I ll be right there with you as a citizen." President Obama #SOTU
Proud of health care reform? Then add your name to the permanent record of people who helped make it happen:
Today is Election Day for a lot of states across the country find your polling place here:
Time's running out don't miss your chance to meet President Obama.
President Obama is partnering with more than a dozen major U.S. companies to #ActOnClimate. Read more:
Have video skills? Want to help pass health reform? Enter OFA's Health Reform Video Challenge:
This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights:
FACT: Nevada was the 9th-deadliest state in 2010 for gun violence while its gun safety laws ranked 32nd out of 50. #DemandAction
President Obama welcomes NASCAR drivers to the White House. Watch live:
As the President said Tuesday, the American auto industry is back. What does this mean? 170,000 new jobs since 2009:
Stopping by Austan Goolsbee s 1pm ET session to respond to feedback from small-business owners.
We've got to move forward, not back:
Today at 1:35 p.m. ET: Don't miss President Obama's announcement on #climate change.
Nolan isn t old enough to vote yet, but he s helping @OFA_NC register voters and build this campaign:
Watch this video about the Earth's climate changing at an unprecedented rate:
John McCain is an American hero &amp; one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.
It's time the House vote is about to begin. Only minutes remain to weigh in, but every minute counts. Be heard:
An evening with Presidents Obama and Clinton in New York. We ll cover the airfare, you pick your guest:
Follow @OFA today to see volunteers across the country showing their members of Congress the #CostOfInaction on immigration reform.
The impact of climate change in one GIF:
"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights." President Obama #IranDeal
About to begin the town hall webcast at GWU. Watch live at
The President stops in Alpha, Illinois for the last town hall of his White House jobs tour. Watch live:
President Obama: "The real question is not just about how we re doing today, but about how we ll be doing tomorrow."
Watch this special preview President Obama hits the road today to discuss rebuilding a rising, thriving middle class:
Americans don't want a government shutdown.
Tomorrow, the President travels to Denver to talk about his plan to put America back to work. Will you support him?
"We are constantly talking about how to engage every single voter in this election." @BuffyWicks of Operation Vote:
We've got his back. A bit of motivation decorating the walls of the Chicago HQ.
Today's DOMA ruling is a historic step forward for #MarriageEquality. #LoveIsLove
"Health care reform isn't just about saving lives. It's also about living and living well." Joshua Crutchfield at the #ActionSummit
Keep cool while you re canvassing this summer:
"The states that have increased their minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than the states that didn't." President Obama
Before Obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for Rick:
Only 41 days until summer recess: It s time for Congress to take action on the President s jobs plan.
A background check could have saved Cheyenne s father. Instead, he lost his life to gun violence. Read his story:
Stay updated on all the events from now until Election Day 2012 with our interactive #Obama2012 calendar:
Commit to #ActOnClimate today:
Video: President Obama announces his Supreme Court nominee:
Speaking at Southern New Hampshire University Commencement
Worth a read: The Senate GOP's plan would destroy environmental protections and set back decades of progress.
A look back: President Obama preparing for his first State of the Union in 2010. #SOTU
Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday:
Be covered on January 1st enroll in a new health plan by #Dec23.
Meeting with newly elected governors and Vice President Biden at 1pm ET. Watch live:
Climate change is happening now. Denial is dangerous.
Must-see trailer: The Do-Over, starring Mitt Romney.
As the #UNGA meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world.
Signed a jobs bill this morning that helps businesses hire new workers -- another step towards rebuilding our economy for all Americans.
You and a guest could sit with Michelle for the President s convention speech next month:
Dress to impress you could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now:
Congress needs to act now so taxes don t go up for millions of Americans. What would $2,200 help your family do?
President Obama: "I ll use the money we re no longer spending on war to pay down our debt and put more people back to work."
Bundling up this week? Don't forget to #GetCovered with health insurance. Sign up for coverage that starts Feb. 1st:
Happy Valentine's Day!
Our work is not done. Help keep up the momentum on the issues that matter to you. Support @OFA:
In Charleston, SC at a "Rally for Change" event at the College of Charleston. Yes, we can!
The President promised if Congress wouldn't take action to prevent gun violence, he would. He's keeping that promise:
"No matter what, every single consumer will be covered by the protections of this law, permanently." President Obama on #Obamacare
In Arizona, a group of @OFA fellows have become difference-makers. Read more:
"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." President Obama
President Obama is fighting for an all-of-the-above approach to solve our energy challenges:
"This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." President Obama #FindYourPark
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important.
"The dropout rate among Hispanic students has been cut in half over the last decade." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Magnets are cool.
President Obama addresses the crowd at a Chicago event marking his 50th. Watch live:
"Sales are up, prices are up and fewer Americans see their homes underwater." President Obama: everyone should have a chance to own a home
In these final days of decision on health reform, we need all of you to make your voices heard in Washington, D.C.
"Raising the minimum wage is good for business. It's good for workers. It's good for the economy." President Obama
The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that progress.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the @CDCGov in Atlanta. Tune in here:
Fired up, ready to grill? Get our 2012 apron for your next tailgate or BBQ.
"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." President Obama #ActOnClimate
In Manchester, NH - heading to the ABC Facebook Debate. Watch it live on your ABC station at 9pm ET. Text your thoughts to 62262 after.
You made change happen. Be proud.
Show your support for giving 17 million women a raise:
This photo has been making the rounds:
54 days till Election Day. Sign up for Dashboard today and make a difference in your neighborhood:
Happy Fourth, everyone:
I know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' It's not amnesty. Amnesty is what we have now. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
Inviting Republicans and Democrats to an open, televised @WhiteHouse meeting on health reform Let's put our best ideas on the table.
If you re a woman for Obama, make sure everyone knows it. Just tell us where to send your free bumper sticker:
FACT: Thanks to the #ACA, nearly 12.8 million Americans will get rebates from health insurers this summer totaling $1.1 billion. #progress
.@MichelleObama has a card going around for the President s birthday add your name:
Congratulations to @DianaNyad. Never give up on your dreams.
America is making strides toward full equality for all families. Share your #MarriageEquality story:
This West Wing Week: Traveling across Latin America to promote American exports and economic cooperation.
Retweet if you're ready for Congress to accept the science and #ActOnClimate.
Show that you're in it to win it with our #Obama2012 grey v-neck shirt.
"Galen was killed at Simon's Rock College. It tore the lives of his family, friends &amp; community apart. His memory deserves a vote." Johanna
Obamacare is here to stay.
President Obama: "On issue after issue, Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan want to take us backward."
As we close the books on one year and begin another, I wanted to wish you a happy new year and talk about what lies ahead.
If you've enjoyed the President's tweets, don't worry he'll still make frequent appearances here. More on this change:
President Obama speaks in Texas this afternoon about the American Jobs Act and it's up to all of us to put pressure on Congress to pass it.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado at the second stop on his 48-hour tour.
"'There s no debate': 97 experts explain the scientific consensus on climate change" More from @Salon:
We're expanding our efforts to help Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI, where our fellow Americans need us right now. Join us a _
If you were #BornIn88, make sure you know your options to #GetCovered when you turn 26:
Mitt Romney says he d create jobs in America, but his record says the opposite:
Do your part for a chance to meet the President.
Palm trees, Tampa crowd await President Obama.
This West Wing Week: making the case for infrastructure investment and meeting with students.
Get an early look at our campaign's first financial report:
"Our country and our economy would be stronger today if House Republicans had held a simple yes-or-no vote." President Obama #ActOnReform
On the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how America is #BetterWithObamacare:
Julie is saving $1,000 a month on health insurance. Seriously.
States and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to #ActOnClimate years earlier than national targets.
Fighting to put America s schools on top:
It's rally day. Fired up. -bo
One of our favorite 2012 photos: Doing 10.
RT if you're 1 of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to pass background checks for all gun sales. #DemandAction,
"These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the @NatlParkService
In Nevada today and excited to be on the Tavis Smiley Show tonight on PBS. Check your listings for what time it airs locally.
The economy added 161,000 jobs in October, and wages are up 2.8 percent over the past year.
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance.
This is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.
"Living on minimum wage is a hopeless cycle." Meet Gina:
Find out if your favorite fired-up song made it onto the #Obama2012 supporter-picks playlist:
Good news: 17 million people will be eligible for premium tax credits in the new health insurance marketplace.
"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." President Obama
Just 41 days to go and it s all hands on deck. Pitch in by volunteering this weekend:
President Obama: Families should be able to rely on safe and simple mortgage products when making the most important purchase of their lives
Addressing Congress on health reform tomorrow at 8pm ET. Sign up to host or attend a watch party with fellow supporters:
Until there are "no remaining ceilings left to shatter":
Holding a town hall on economic security in St. Petersburg, FL. Watch it live at
Say you're standing with President Obama on health care:
OK, let's go. Here's a look at what we've spent, what we've raised, and what's next.
Read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action:
What a real snow day looks like.
"2014 can be a breakthrough year for America." President Obama
Sen. Obama: "Let's be the generation that finally frees America from the tyranny of oil." Five years later:
ICYMI: The first family honored #MLKDay by volunteering at the DC Central Kitchen (@DCCK).
This just in: custom #Obama2012 tees in the color of your choosing, featuring your home state.
On November 2nd, 2007, Cynthia celebrated her birthday by making her first contribution to the Obama campaign:
The United States can make real progress on climate change. Read more from @Podesta44:
President Obama: "Women should make their own health care decisions."
FACT: President Obama s clean energy investments have supported nearly 225,000 American jobs. #MadeInAmerica
In the weekly address, the President talks about ensuring that all hard-working Americans can retire with dignity.
Volunteers at @OFA are taking action to call for a higher minimum wage:
Read how @OFA supporters are taking a stand against carbon pollution:
RT if you agree that 7 million students who rely on Stafford loans to finance their education shouldn t face higher debt. #DontDoubleMyRate
America is coming back. It's not a political slogan; it s a reality. @VP in Davenport, Iowa today.
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justice tell Senate leaders to do their jobs:
President Obama: We ve got more good work to do. We ve got more good teachers to hire, and good schools to build.
Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to Alaska the front lines in the fight against climate change.
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more:
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote. #SCOTUSnominee
Add your name: @OFA is going all in for #Obamacare, and here's how you can do your part.
Finish up your entry for the #RunwayToWin challenge before it s too late. The deadline is tomorrow:
Be safe and be healthy in 2014 sign up for insurance today and be covered on February 1st:
Your new favorite t-shirt: Pick your favorite state, style, and color then use the code CUSTOMIZE to get 20% off.
@SomalAyan: First of all, congratulations. Secondly, thank you for an incredible show of support for #Obama2012
These people have the security of health insurance but some members of Congress still want to take it away.
Tell us where to send your free #Women2012 bumper sticker, then RT so your friends can pick theirs up, too:
FACT: The number of women serving in economic positions in Gov. Romney s administration dropped from 46% to 31% during his term in office.
Day two of the weekend of action is in full swing. Find an event near you:
It's that time of year. #HappyHolidays
President Obama s voting early tomorrow. Find out if you can, too:
It's easier than you think to #GetTalking to your loved ones about health insurance:
"My fellow Americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times." President Obama #SOTU
26 months, 4.2 million American jobs added to the private sector. That s #progress:
Thinking about our neighbors in Mexico and all our Mexican-American friends tonight. Cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo para todos.
Pat, a volunteer in Maine, writes about how the President s jobs plan would help her state:
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. #DoYourJob
Our commitment to clean energy is creating work in the short term and laying the foundation for lasting economic growth.
President Obama to @fast4families: "We're with you. The whole country hears you." #immigration
President Obama is hitting the campaign trail next week and he s saving seats on his bus for you and a guest:
On immigration, President Obama said our increasing Latino population should be a source of pride and strength. More:
"America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." President Obama
On @Univision, @JonCarsonOFA has a message to Spanish-speaking Americans, calling for action on #immigration:
In Seattle to hold a backyard conversation about women and the economy with local families. Watch live now:
Michelle receives this year's White House Christmas tree yesterday. Watch the video:
Show President Obama you re with him in making sure all Americans have a fair shot at success:
Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered:
Raising the minimum wage will be good for American families. Sign the petition today.
LIVE: President Obama is in San Francisco discussing the need to #ActOnReform:
ICYMI: Watch President Obama's full remarks to @OFA supporters last week.
"The evidence is pretty overwhelming ... that Obamacare has driven down the uninsured rate." More from @voxdotcom:
Our history as @TheDemocrats is the history of change that matters for America.
Speaking at an LGBT Pride Month reception at the White House. Watch live at 6 pm ET.
Read why @GovEdRendell thinks #TPP will be good for manufacturing and boost products #MadeInAmerica:
Happy birthday, Mr. Vice President.
When politicians try to get in the way of a woman and her doctor, it's time to #StandWithWomen.
President Obama on #immigration: "Republicans in the House should stop dragging their feet and get this done."
We're one week away from the final 2014 enrollment deadline for health coverage. #GetCoveredNow:
The election is in 94 days pitch in $10 today:
Apply, shop, buy: Learn how to #GetCovered.
The #ACA helped Lindsey s friend Chris get insurance when he faced cancer and a serious heart condition at 22:
Asking you to work on behalf of democracy and register at least 1 or 2 more people to vote.
"It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault." President Obama #ItsOnUs
Let's get it done. #RaiseTheWage
RT @alswrite Excited to talk about @barackobama's accomplishments with other @ofa_mi supporters. #obama2012
RT @rocsidiaz: I am a Latina for Obama, see my video here:
LIVE: The President is speaking about strengthening the manufacturing sector.
President Obama delivers a statement at the White House. Watch live:
Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight:
Letter of the week: Fran explains why the Affordable Care Act is important to her as a physician and as a mother:
Join President Obama in calling on Congress to raise the federal minimum wage for millions of Americans:
"I think it's wonderful." Tanyce is a cancer survivor, and #ThisIsWhy she's praising her new health care plan:
When members of Congress question my authority to take action, I have a simple answer: Pass a bill. President Obama #ImmigrationAction
The Senate voted this afternoon to pass pieces of the American Jobs Act that will encourage businesses to hire veterans.
Yesterday's final tally: 315,023 calls placed or pledged. Watch the online address to #OFA:
A message from #Obama2012 field organizers: thank you.
A message from the President: Remind Washington what s at stake in the payroll tax debate.
Tonight, we re keeping score during the GOP debate at
"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." President Obama
POTUS: Everything we fought for in 2008 is on the line in 2012. I m going to need you fired up. I m going to need you ready to go.
What December 2011 looked like in the White House:
The plan Governor Romney has put forward could cut America s investment in education by nearly 20%. President Obama
Senate leaders have recognized Judge Garland's impeccable credentials in the past. He deserves a fair hearing and a _
POTUS: Warren Buffett is paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. That is not fair. That is not right. RT if you agree. #BuffettRule
In Abington, PA. At a community gathering. Watch it live now at
In this week s address, President Obama makes the case for education reform.
A better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our families stand up for #ImmigrationAction:
"Being sick is not doing something wrong. Everyone deserves health care."
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes and prayers to Nelson Mandela on the occasion of his 95th birthday." President Obama #MandelaDay
"Study: States Embracing Obamacare See Biggest Drops in Uninsured" More from @WSJ:
President Obama: "I promised to end the war in Iraq, and we did."
Across the country, volunteers are gearing up for the final push. Call voters tonight to remind them to vote on Nov. 2.
This is a health care love story: How newlyweds Amanda and Solomon got covered.
Don't miss the deadline to sign this #RaiseTheWage petition:
"We have to make sure America writes the rules of the global economy." President Obama #LeadOnTrade
Obama: "Women should be making their own health care decisions. That s why the health care law we passed put those choices in your hands."
POTUS in Ohio: This election is about more than just two candidates or two political parties. It s about how do we build a strong economy.
This is America. Every child deserves a great school and we can give it to them, if we act now.
"I am laying out my ideas to give the middle class a better shot." President Obama on giving the American people #ABetterBargain
The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change and now, a big step closer to reality.
Join President Obama and some basketball legends for dinner and a shootaround. Enter to win now:
Some good vibes for the day:
There s exactly one month until all of the votes are counted. What you do in the next 31 days makes a difference:
President Obama is setting off this morning on an 8-state, 48-hour trip. Follow along:
"I've got two daughters and I want to make sure that they have the same opportunities that anybody's sons have."
Mitt Romney abandons the facts (again) when it comes to the President s foreign policy record:
Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the #SCOTUS nominee a fair hearing:
President Obama: Thanks to innovative schools, teachers, and students like you we know what school might look like in the century ahead.
Had a great three days in Florida. Watch videos from Florida as well as our amazing stops in OR & IA at
Care about strengthening the middle class? You should share this infographic:
"Your health insurance isn t something to play politics with. Our economy isn t something to play politics with." President Obama
President Obama signed a law today that will prevent loan interest rates from doubling for nearly 7.5 million students:
Have plans for the month? It's not too late to be part of #ActionAugust. You don't want to miss this:
Welcoming the nation's students back to school watch today at noon ET:
RT if you agree that every family of gun violence victims deserves a vote on universal background checks:
"We've got to make sure our economy works for every American." President Obama #RebuildAmerica
Add your name if you support President Obama's plan to reform our immigration system:
"We should not hold the middle class hostage while we debate tax cuts for the wealthy." President Obama
Add your voice to the fight for comprehensive #ImmigrationReform today:
Watch it, share it, keep America moving forward:
POTUS: "I sure don t agree with [Gov. Romney's] plan to keep giving tax breaks to companies that ship jobs overseas."
By Romney s own standard, his tax plan is a failure for middle-class families:
You should reject cynicism:
Thanks to the #ACA, seniors have saved $3.4 billion on prescription drugs so far:
Today supporters like you are reaching out to 1 million voters to move our country forward. It s time to get in the game.
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job. #DoYourJob
President Obama last night on Richard Mourdock: I don t know how these guys come up with these ideas. Rape is rape.
Congress should pass a bill letting responsible homeowners refinance at today s low rates saving a typical family $3,000. #CongressToDoList
"Many women can't even get a paid day off to give birth. You'd think that would be a pretty low bar." President Obama #FamiliesSucceed
The threat of climate change will not resolve itself. We must act now for the sake of our children and grandchildren. #ActOnClimate
President Obama promised to make our tax system fairer. He delivered:
Join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues:
19 days left for Congress to take action on jobs before its summer recess:
President Obama: "The vast majority of Americans, including a majority of gun owners, support requiring criminal background checks."
FACT: "964,000 Americans have already mobilized through @OFA."
FACT: On average, full-time working women earn just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. #EqualPay
More good news about the new health care marketplaces opening on Oct 1, this time from Maryland:
Here s what we could accomplish if just one of the 400 wealthiest Americans paid a fair tax rate:
Providing a pathway to citizenship would mean greater economic benefits for the U.S. than legal status alone.
High five.
Open enrollment begins tomorrow make sure you and your loved ones #GetCovered.
Speaking at the Winning the Future Forum on Small Business in Cleveland. Watch live at 11:35am ET.
Voters in California: Tweet your Republican representative and ask them to support a bipartisan solution to the deficit crisis.
What we can do what America does better than anyone is spark the creativity and imagination of our people. #SOTU
"We are not a deadbeat nation. And so there s a very simple solution to this: Congress authorizes us to pay our bills."
A bit of morning shootaround at the firehouse before the day's first event in Tampa:
If you re on #TeamObamaBiden, now s the time to show it. Pitch in $10 to help win this election:
Obama: America s not just about what can be done for us it s about what can be done by us, together, as one nation and one people.
"In America, we don t give up, we get up." President Obama, at Boeing, on the manufacturing sector's comeback:
President Obama on clean energy: These jobs aren t fads, they re our future. And we ve got to stand up for them.
Obama: "Every time we get a piece of economic news, we ll know it could have been better if not for Congress failure to act." #JobsNotCuts
The #Obamacare marketplace opens Saturday spread the word about why getting covered matters:
"What folks are looking for and I think all of us agree on this is action."
There are a lot of reasons to support President Obama what s yours? #Obama2012
DYK: @Obamacare bans insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same coverage.
Supreme Court seats: 9 Current number of Justices: 8 Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee: 0
Mitt Romney falsely claims that the President hasn t met with his Jobs Council. Get the facts:
This West Wing Week: focusing on education with trips to Florida, Massachusetts, and Virginia.
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summer enter before tomorrow's deadline:
Get the facts on how President Obama s health care law strengthens Medicare, and how the Romney-Ryan plan would gut it:
I have selected a S. Court nominee who embodies excellence, independence, integrity, and passion for the law Elena Kagan.
We, the people, still believe that every citizen deserves a basic measure of security and dignity. President Obama
It's time for our representatives to act on comprehensive immigration reform. #TakeItToTheHouse
Easy: Pick out your favorite bumper sticker and we ll get it in the mail.
The next deadline to get covered is January 15th. Find out more:
Here in America, no family should set aside that college acceptance letter because they figure they can t afford it. President Obama
12 days left in the President s final campaign. Make sure each one counts get out and volunteer to help win this thing:
What first inspired you to support Barack Obama?
Speaking in Dayton, OH. Watch the event live at
Watch: With or without Congress, it's time to move forward on the issues that matter most.
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified #SCOTUSnominee.
I hear patients in the hospital say thank goodness that passed all the time.
FACT: 80% of prison inmates who used guns acquired them through private transfers that didn't require a background check. #WeDemandAVote
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible #Obamacare alternative.
Watch live: The President delivers a statement.
America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to #Obamacare. Repealing it doesn't make sense.
An estimated 20.4 million women are benefiting from expanded access to preventive services at no additional cost.
Pleased and grateful to learn that the AARP & the @AmerMedicalAssn are supporting the House health reform bill. #hc09
Bo sighting: @BuzzFeed has "The 42 Best Photos Ever Taken of White House Pets"
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy:
"One faction of one party, of one house of Congress ... doesn't get to shut down the entire government." President Obama #EnoughAlready
Sign up and say you'll help out in the final push for health care for a chance to meet the President.
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points.
"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." President Obama #IranDeal
President Obama in Michigan: "That's a principle I won't compromise on."
"We want to make sure the young dad on the factory floor has a shot to make it into the corner suite." President Obama #WorkplaceFairness
Watch live: President Obama honors the NCAA champion Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team.
RT @OFA_NH: The clock is ticking. Help us win #Obama2012 by participating in a #WeCantWait till 2012 event near you.
Help @OFA spread the word on Twitter about the December 23rd deadline to enroll for health insurance.
One way to support the President while you re on the road get your free bumper sticker:
"That s the message I heard loud and clear in the election: Work as hard as you can to make our lives better."
FACT: Romney s buyout firm invested in a company that rejected opening call centers in the U.S. in favor of India and Ireland.
Four supporters will get the chance to sit down for #DinnerWithBarack will you be one of them?
Robert, Oklahoma: We are using that money to help a family in PA that needs Christmas for their family. #My2K
FACT: Since taking office, President Obama has cut taxes for the typical American family by $3,600. #progress
Watch live: President Obama makes a statement to the press.
WATCH: Get the facts on why it's time to #FixOvertime protections for millions of workers.
"I take executive action only when we have a serious problem _ and Congress chooses to do nothing." President Obama #ActOnReform
Add your name: It's time to end workplace discrimination against LGBT Americans.
President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to Alaska. Check it out:
There s no excuse for Congress to stand by and do nothing while so many families are struggling.
Today's grassroots fundraising tip: Ask your friends to brown-bag it.
Why do you support the #BuffettRule? Let everyone know by writing a letter to the editor with this easy tool:
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader.
"We will help them succeed, not with a handout, but as partners, every step of the way." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
.@VP stops by @TheEllenShow with a message for young adults: Give your mom some peace of mind and #GetCovered.
Watch live: President Obama urges Congress to prevent a tax hike on 98% of Americans next year.
"We've got to get this done." President Obama
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the humanitarian situation at the southwest border.
New photo album fall photos 2011:
Study shows #Obamacare leads to fewer uninsured Americans, better health, and improved access to care:
Hug.
POTUS: As citizens, we understand that America is not about what can be done for us. It s about what can be done by us, together.
FACT: The President is urging Congress to support some 325,000 more jobs for teachers &amp; educators, helping more kids avoid crowded classes.
"Don't tell me we can afford to shut down the government but we can't afford to invest in our education system." President Obama
Check out what President Obama had to say on his 100th day of office:
President Obama on Romney: "We know what change looks like, and what he's selling ain't it."
FACT: With #Obamacare &amp; other efforts, mental health benefits are being expanded to 62 million Americans. #MentalHealthMatters (via @HHSGov)
"What we shouldn t be doing is try to take away your rights to bargain for better wages or working conditions." President Obama
Lilly Ledbetter s message to Mitt Romney at #DNC2012:
In Harrisonburg, VA. At a "Change We Need" rally. Watch this event live at
Stand with the President's plan to stop severe budget cuts &amp; reduce the deficit in a balanced way:
"We must commit this day and every day to serving you as well as you've served us." President Obama to veterans today:
"Don't be fooled." People on the street compare Romney's recent claims to #TheRealRomney's positions:
There are many good reasons to support #Obamacare. Here's one:
Watch the President address tomorrow's innovators at the #WHScienceFair. Tune in at 11:45 a.m. ET:
It's a win-win. #ActOnClimate
April was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to #ActOnClimate.
If the #shutdown continues, paychecks for another 1M people who are currently working will be delayed:
"The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every American." President Obama
Erik recalls #Nov4 2008: "Talking to my mother who grew up in pre-civil rights America and the history felt that day when she voted."
Find out how President Obama s health care law is lowering costs for millions of Americans:
55? May be time for some new material. Join @OFA in wishing President Obama happy birthday.
Tea Party Republicans are threatening an economic shutdown. Tell them to #EndThisNow:
WATCH: We only get one planet that's why it's so important to #ActOnClimate.
Sending deep condolences to those affected by the tornado in Missouri. FEMA is working to support response and recovery efforts.
It s just like a field office only you can access it anytime, anywhere. Join Dashboard:
FACT: The first bill President Obama signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps women fight for equal pay.
President Obama shared his vision today for an economy that works for everyone. Add your name to support his plan:
FACT: Mitt Romney publicly says he left his buyout firm in 1999, but was listed on SEC filings until 2002.
Mitt Romney hasn't put forth any specific ideas for how to create jobs or strengthen the middle class:
From my family to yours Happy Thanksgiving.
It s a reminder that this country has come too far to turn back now. President Obama on today s positive jobs numbers
Today is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts New Year's Day:
Make sure you #GetCovered tomorrow before you eat too much Halloween candy.
Diali came to @OFA to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. Read more:
Mitt Romney doesn t think class sizes matter. Parents disagree:
We re Americans. We don t hold back. We don t quit.
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. #ActOnClimate
Clean air makes for healthier and safer communities. #ActOnClimate
"You can choose the top-down policies that got us into this mess or you can choose the policies that are getting us out of this mess."
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the challenge of growing income inequality.
Take care of yourself today #GetCovered for tomorrow:
How Mitt Romney s energy plan would make us more dependent on foreign oil and destroy thousands of American jobs:
FACT: Nearly 70% of Americans agree that transportation deserves more federal funding. #RebuildAmerica
RT if you re fired up, #ReadyForJoe:
Just a few hours left: Pitch in $5 and get a shot at two seats at the last Dinner with Barack before Election Day.
Photo of the day: @VP Biden speaks to American troops at Yokota Air Base, Japan:
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court. #DoYourJob
RT @AlexaMKissinger: Sharing healthcare stories at this great @OFA_VA #womenforobama party.
A story of us:
Always preparing: President Obama reads a draft of the #SOTU in 2012.
Cutting carbon pollution will lead to a safer climate. Take action:
President Obama in Nevada on the audience s reaction to Romney s education plan: "Don't boo vote."
Don't miss your chance to win a free trip to the Windy City:
Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working Americans.
Curious about how the President s announcement on student loans will help you? We put together a video to explain:
Rosemary's fired up to see the President in Cleveland, OH:
President Obama: I don t think a working mother in Denver should have to wait to get a mammogram just because money is tight.
On Monday, I m proposing a new budget that will help us live within our means while investing in our future.
President Obama: I don t want to give them the keys back. They don t know how to drive.
Add your name if you're ready to help President Obama fight to fix our broken immigration system:
RT @kalpenn: Solid good lookin' crowd @umich for #GreaterTogether event! @BarackObama @ofa_MI #MISummit
Veterans will be able to get a Veteran Gold Card for six months of personalized help and counseling at career centers.
Just 23 days until Congress breaks for summer recess it s time for them to act on the President's jobs plan:
Count them: There are enough votes in the House to end this shutdown. @SpeakerBoehner: #JustVote.
President Obama celebrated his 52nd birthday recently with a little help from @OFA supporters.
Commemorating the Anniv of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Let us recommit ourselves to building a world free of unnecessary barriers.
"I sent Congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
"We ve got to build an economy that works for everyone, not just a fortunate few." President Obama
"Today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." President Obama #CollegeOpportunity
Today is a great day to #GetCovered:
Walk the walk support the team that's fighting for today's important issues.
You can help keep up the momentum on issues like #immigration reform and #climate change. Support @OFA today:
Missed the #ObamaTownHall on immigration reform last night? Watch it here:
The Affordable Care Act is helping millions of families we can't go back now.
"We must build ladders of opportunity for all children." President Obama on #NationalChildDay
A majority of Americans Republicans and Democrats support the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Let's do this.
This campaign has a new home base in western North Carolina Asheville is open for organizing:
Florida Republican reps on Twitter: @tomrooney (FL-16), @roslehtinen (FL-18), @allenwest (FL-22), @mariodb (FL-21),@repsandyadams (FL-24)
With less than two weeks until the November elections, the calls you make are more important than ever.
"Everybody has a chance that's the idea of America." President Obama
Every American family's taxes will automatically go up if Congress fails to act before the end of the year:
Happy #WomensEqualityDay, commemorating 93 years of women's suffrage.
Mitt Romney vs. reality:
Watch live: In the final debate, President Obama lays out how he's making America stronger, safer &amp; more secure.
President Obama in Pittsburgh today: Something very important has happened: the Pirates and the White Sox are in first place.
Lilly Ledbetter: "Mitt Romney s solution on leveling the playing field was to point out he once had a binder full of women applicants."
Stock up on classics from the #Obama2012 store for half off the original price:
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going. #LoveIsLove
Three seats left for #DinnerWithBarack is one of them yours?
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole:
President Obama on college affordability: "There s too much at stake for us all not to be rowing in the same direction."
In the weekly address, @VP Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years.
President Obama: We've helped 6.7 million people receive life-saving treatment under @PEPFAR. #WAD2013
"We wish all those celebrating this weekend a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak." President Obama
Fewer teachers, firefighters, and police officers: Romney doubles down on a plan that would hurt our economy.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on American energy in Oklahoma.
If we don't #ActOnClimate now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century:
An increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment. #ActOnClimate
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Colorado about preventing a student loan interest rate hike.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the memorial for victims of the #NavyYardShooting.
Watch live: The second inauguration of President Obama.
Don't snooze: The deadline is coming up.
Top #SOTU moment no. 1, as decided by Twitter: Equal pay for equal work.
When the clock strikes midnight, our nation turns a corner on health care and we're not going back. #HappyNewYear
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Iowa about why we've got to extend middle-class tax cuts.
Run DNC.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everyone, not just for a fortunate few." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
See who President Obama thinks will cut the net this year.
President Obama s commitment to the Pell Grant program has helped more than 9 million students go to college. #progress
This is done. President Obama a year ago today on ending Don t Ask, Don t Tell :
"I am a listening ear, cheerleader, motivator, and sometimes a student's last hope. Please don't lay me off." Whitney W. #JobsNotCuts
Over 38k federal workers offered ideas on making gov't more efficient. Help choose the one to include in the budget:
You can t stand up to China when all you ve done is send them our jobs. President Obama on Mitt Romney
For millions of previously uninsured Americans, affordable health insurance is finally in reach.
Today is the day can you help #OFA generate 100,000 health reform calls to Congress in a single day?
Photo of the day: Captain Mark Kelly hugs his wife, Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, at his retirement ceremony.
Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change.
Obama: "As long as I m Commander-in-Chief, we will do whatever we must to protect those who serve their country abroad." #SOTU
Household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all demographics.
Amazing you made 100K calls to Congress in a single day. Can we get to 150K?
Tune in at 3:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the #SCOTUS nomination process at @UChicagoLaw:
Latinos for Obama launches on Wednesday. Celebrate the kickoff at a local house party then get involved:
Refusing to even meet with a #SCOTUS nominee has no basis in the Constitution. #DoYourJob
House Republicans are hearing the support for #immigration reform:
"I'm calling on Congress to pass some very specific proposals right away." President Obama on reducing gun violence
"The only uncertainty about our warming world is how bad the changes will get, and how soon." More from @nytimes:
Join Ben Rhodes in an online video chat on the updated National Security Strategy. Ask questions & watch live at 3 pm ET.
Retweet if you agree: #LoveIsLove. #SOTU
Support cutting carbon pollution:
RT if you agree: We should never cut vital services for the middle class before closing tax loopholes for millionaires. #CutsWeCantAfford
President Obama: You can choose which path we take. I m counting on you.
16,000 strong in Denver:
"No one should ever lose their job simply because of who they are or who they love." President Obama on the Senate passing #ENDA
WATCH: The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect America's youth.
Hear why Alex, a summer organizer in Nevada, calls the DMV the Department of Meeting Voters:
RT if you agree. #MarriageEquality,
Get ready for the White House Summit on #WorkingFamilies, coming up on Monday:
Watch live: President Obama delivers remarks at the Boeing Everett Production Facility.
Conservative think tank estimates #ImmigrationReform would save $410 billion over 10 years:
After the first break, we've seen one double-down and one backtrack. Follow along as the debate continues:
When you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered:
President Obama to Romney: "When you were in Massachusetts, small business development ranked about 48th out of 50."
"For the first time, more than 90% of Americans are covered." President Obama
"The most basic constitutional duty Congress has is to pass a budget." President Obama #EnoughAlready
"Sergeant First Class Cory Remsburg never gives up, and he does not quit." President Obama #SOTU
"The last thing [women] can afford is losing part of each month's paycheck to simple and plain discrimination." President Obama
RT if you're on #TeamObama tonight.
Our nation s success depends on strengthening America s role as the world s engine of discovery and innovation.
Some familiar faces taking part in today's National Day of Service:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about women's equality on #EqualPayDay.
Organize an event for our National Health Care Day of Service on June 27 in your community:
They deserve our support:
This campaign got started a year ago Wednesday. Weigh in here on your favorite #Obama2012 moment so far:
It's more than health insurance it's peace of mind.
It's been more than two weeks since Congress let unemployment insurance expire. The time to #RenewUI is now.
Lois Romano: The sense of the room is that Obama knocked it out of the park.
David Plouffe gives a preview of the President's jobs speech:
If you're proud of Obamacare and tired of the other side using it as a dirty word, complete this sentence: #ILikeObamacare because...
"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." President Obama
There's a lot to do next year chip in right now:
FACT: Health care reform has saved Medicare recipients nearly $4 billion on prescription drugs. #progress
Retweet if you think job seekers should not be left #OutInTheCold. Congress should renew unemployment insurance today.
Watch live: First Lady @MichelleObama speaks at #DNC2012 about the values that guide the President:
Pitch in $3 by midnight for your chance to be the third guest for #DinnerWithBarack:
You do incredible work -- and right now is the perfect time to remember where we came from.
It's a family issue:
President Obama on Iran: "We will do what is necessary to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon." #SOTU
I m asking Democrats and Republicans to simplify the tax code. Get rid of the loopholes. Level the playing field. #SOTU
We're just 5,000 shy of an extraordinary milestone: 1 million donors to #Obama2012. Be a part of the first million:
POTUS on why he stands with Planned Parenthood: Protecting women s health is a mission that stands above politics.
Together, we will renew those bonds and reaffirm that spirit that makes the United States of America the greatest nation on Earth.
RT to spread the word: President Obama s plan to create jobs and strengthen the middle class, in 2 minutes flat.
Each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we re changing the climate.
In McKeesport & Pittsburgh, PA today finishing the "On Track for Change" tour and reminding everyone in PA to vote tomorrow!
Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth.
Pennsylvania Republican reps on Twitter: @repbillshuster (PA-9), @reptommarino (PA-10), @reploubarletta (PA-11), @dentpressshop (PA-15).
Before the Affordable Care Act, the reasons for denying health coverage were pretty surprising:
WATCH: President Obama is speaking on how to create workplaces that support working families.
OFA supporters stand with Elena Kagan a Supreme Ct. nominee who embodies independence, integrity & passion for the law.
Join @OFA in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote:
Comprehensive #immigration reform would reduce the deficit by $850 billion. Show your support for fixing the system:
"Are they really willing to hurt people just to score political points? I hope not." President Obama
The choice: A plan to grow the economy from the middle out or a return to the failed policies that crashed it.
Watch President Obama and @FLOTUS reflect on their visit to Selma:
Get ready: In the State of the Union, President Obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.
"When it comes to defense of our country, we are not Democrats or Republicans; we are Americans." President Obama
This holiday weekend is a great time for a conversation over leftovers:
Before the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies could deny health coverage if you had "pre-existing conditions" like allergies. #TBT
I am proposing that starting this year, we freeze annual domestic spending for the next five years. #SOTU
Add your name if you think working full-time for $14,500 a year isn't enough:
Your support is building a movement of millions:
"I ll never stop fighting to help more hardworking Americans know the economic security of health care." President Obama
Watch live: @JoeBiden lays out the Obama-Biden plan to keep us moving forward.
This week's #FF is @TheDemocrats, a must-read for all election news.
LIVE: President Obama is in Arizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market.
Tweet your questions about how President Obama is helping students to #GreaterTogether, and they could get answered at tonight s summit.
73% support a pathway to earned citizenship. Time to fix our broken immigration system.
"And it's your voice that's going to change this country." President Obama #OpportunityForAll
You've got this:
We asked Americans around the country what the 2012 campaign means to them. Watch the video:
The Americans with Disabilities Act was a historic milestone in the journey to equality, but there is more to do.
The President in Iowa on the American Dream: It s the idea that each generation is going to have a little more opportunity than the last.
Michelle and I wish all who celebrate Rosh Hashanah a sweet year full of health and prosperity.
Join President Obama and Americans across the country for a National Day of Service on Jan 19th:
Signing the Small Business Jobs Act into law at 1:45pm ET. Watch live:
Report: Social Security will be strengthened by #ImmigrationReform over the long-term.
With votes expected shortly, tell Congress that passing the DREAM Act is the right thing to do:
"This is a challenge that does not pause for partisan gridlock. It demands our attention now." President Obama #ActOnClimate
Join the fight against LGBT discrimination:
RT if you agree: We can t let Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan turn Medicare into a voucher program.
President Obama: Unlike Mitt Romney, I m actually proud to talk about my plan. Because the numbers add up. #AmericaForward
The President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 Americans including veterans to join the solar workforce:
President Obama has a message for America's workers today check it out:
Fighting for change never goes out of style:
Born to run, 64 years ago today. Have a good one @Springsteen.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress.
The world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change:
In Melbourne, Florida yesterday: Four more years.
Photo of the day: @VP Biden cheers on the Georgetown Hoyas in Beijing
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." President Obama #SOTU
Chart of the day: Increased domestic oil production means reduced dependence on foreign oil.
11 short weeks left until the election. Help President Obama win by pitching in $20 now:
VIDEO: How Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would take us back to the failed, top-down policies of the past.
DYK: New emission standards will shrink electric bills by about 8% by increasing energy efficiency and reducing demand.
"The world still looks to America to lead... We've got a vital role to play we can't stand on the sidelines." President Obama #ActOnClimate
If you have student loans, tweet #DontDoubleMyRate today, and let Congress know how the upcoming rate hike would affect you.
Usted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que est n cubiertos. El mercado de seguros abre ma ana.
We ll be live-tweeting the President s speech on @Obama2012 follow along for the latest.
"You've been a great gift to the country." President Obama to Jon Stewart on @TheDailyShow #JonVoyage
Watch the story of one Iowa family that s better off because of President Obama s middle-class tax breaks:
Our economy would grow by an additional 5.4% compared to the status quo. @Cecilia44 on benefits of immigration reform over next 20 years
Add your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change:
Obamacare is bringing health insurance within reach for people who need it. More from the @NYTimes:
In Concord, NH at a "Change We Need" event. Watch it live at
Here's @Messina2012 with a preview of the key numbers in our April FEC report:
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.
President Obama speaks via videoconference to Iowa caucus-goers. #Obama2012
Starting in 2014, you can't be denied coverage or charged more for health insurance because you're LGBT. #Obamacare
Today's non-partisan CBO report says #ImmigrationReform will reduce the deficit by nearly $1 trillion over 20 years.
"This is not just a debate about policy. It's about people." President Obama #immigrationreform
"Today, we recognize the incredible courage and leadership of so many Bostonians in the wake of unspeakable tragedy." President Obama
POTUS: You are the reason that Florida seniors are saving an average of $600 a year on prescription drugs, because we passed Obamacare.
This is a first: You can now donate to #Obama2012 via text. Give $10 by texting GIVE to 62262.
Happening now: President Obama speaks about why Congress needs to act to reduce gun violence.
Watch: President Obama is urging Congress to give America a raise.
Obama: "One thing I ve learned as commander in chief: You ve got to be clear, both to our allies &amp; our enemies, about where you stand."
At Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh, PA. Holding an "Economic Competitiveness Summit." Watch it live at
Remember the Recovery Act? It included the largest clean energy investment in history. #ActOnClimate
President Obama on Mitt Romney s tax plan: He s asking you to pay more, so that folks like him can get a big tax cut.
We're building this campaign the right way with small donations from grassroots supporters. Own a piece of it:
Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's #Obamacare ruling at 11:30 a.m. ET:
President Obama: "It's now up to you to choose the path that we take." #AmericaForward
President Obama signs legislation to help put veterans back to work. Watch live:
POTUS at the podium:
I am happy to look at...ideas and approaches from either party as long as they seriously tackle our addiction to fossil fuels.
Thanks to the #ACA, 54 million Americans can get free preventive health care services that they used to pay for out of pocket.
Editorial boards are making their voices heard on the #SCOTUS nomination process. See what they're saying:
Are you ready for Round 2? You should be part of this:
Just a handful of votes could decide this election. Confirm your polling place and go vote now:
More on what it means that 1,825,813 people raised $181 million for the campaign and combined committees in September:
"They are heroes, each and every one." President Obama pays tribute to our men and women in uniform in his weekly address. #MemorialDay
"A typical middle-class family of four will see its income taxes go up by $2,200." President Obama
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today:
"That's what change is." Watch President Obama lay out exactly what we're fighting for in this election:
Congress has waited too long to take action to protect our communities from gun violence. #WhatWillItTake?
President Obama: We can meet these challenges. This is America. We've got the world s best workers and the best entrepreneurs. #WeDecide
FACT: More than 28 million Americans would benefit from raising the minimum wage.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the Clinton Global Initiative's annual meeting.
Want to see your name on
President Obama speaks about why we've got to make sure every American gets a fair shot. Watch live:
We re building a movement for change that endures and Organizing for America wants to hear from you:
We don t turn back. We leave no one behind. We pull each other up.
"I'm the person they're talking about." - Emily, a college student, on the Affordable Care Act:
Holding a news conference at 2:20pm ET. Watch live at
"When the middle class thrives ... America thrives. When it doesn t, America doesn't." President Obama #AmericaLeads
She s in because...
"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." President Obama #ActOnClimate
One year ago today, the Supreme Court upheld #Obamacare. See how it's working for Americans today:
"And we ve put in place new rules to hold Wall Street accountable, so a crisis like this never happens again."
Happening now: President Obama and @BillClinton are discussing health care at #CGI2013.
An @OFA volunteer reflects on the trainings she received that helped her land her dream job.
Two years ago, the President signed Wall Street reform to protect consumers and prevent another financial crisis:
If you enjoyed the Boss's performance at the Grammys last night, here's a treat for you from the #Obama2012 archives:
Show your support to #RaiseTheWage for millions of American workers:
Step up to protect the progress America's made under President Obama apply for an organizing fellowship:
Share your story to show Mitt Romney why teachers, firefighters, and police officers deserve our support:
President Obama: Over the past four years, we ve doubled the electricity America generates from wind.
It's time for paid leave policies that work for American families. #WorkingFamilies
President Obama will deliver remarks on jobs-driven skills training in Oakdale, PA. Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET:
Here's an important way you can be part of the fight for health care:
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment:
Today the President created a task force to help communities prepare for the effects of climate change:
Announcing a new strategy for NASA during a conference at the Kennedy Space Center today @ 2:50 pm ET. Watch live:
Be a part of Team @Obamacare help ensure millions of Americans have the info they need to get affordable health care:
Last night, Democrats and Republicans came together to send an #ImmigrationReform bill to the Senate floor. Time to finish the job. #iMarch
Send season's greetings to President Obama you can even include a personal note:
President Obama: Let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math. #WomenSucceed
From day one, we have launched & coordinated a relentless response to the Gulf Crisis. Watch:
Congress has just 13 days to prevent more than 7 million students from paying an average of $1,000 more in college costs. #DontDoubleMyRate
Do your part: Stand with the President and #ActOnClimate.
Stand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement:
The Iraqi people will have a strong partner in the United States. Our combat mission is ending, but our commitment to Iraq s future is not.
Tomorrow, we'll be one year away from Election Day 2012. Join a day of action in your community:
The President makes the case for a balanced deficit deal that includes new revenues along with serious spending cuts:
"Let us not be trapped by what is. We've got to keep pushing for what ought to be." President Obama speaking at the MLK Memorial dedication
Together, we resolved that a great nation must care for the vulnerable, and protect its people from life s worst hazards and misfortune.
"What enormous faith these men and women had faith in God, but also faith in America." President Obama #Selma50
Today Congress took an important step toward ensuring that teachers stay in the classroom and cash-strapped states get the relief they need.
"African Americans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." President Obama
In Latin America this weekend, working to strengthen economic partnerships abroad so that we create good jobs at home.
"The Obama household was on board with AmeriCorps from the start." President Obama #AmeriCorps20
"Let's face it, a mixed kid from Hawaii born to a single mom is not likely to become President of the United States."
This week, #SecKerry meets with the Arctic Council to discuss climate change. Read his take on America's role:
RT @nilaffle @BarackObama One month's payment on my student loans and three quarters of my rent.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about how the Affordable Care Act is benefitting Americans. Watch here:
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the #IranDeal.
Support @OFA and stand up to those trying to derail the agenda Americans voted for last November:
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices."
"On World Autism Awareness Day, we offer our support and respect to all those on the autism spectrum." President Obama
Yesterday President Obama launched a White House task force to address sexual assault on college campuses.
FEMA s Craig Fugate will join @PressSec at his 2:30pm ET briefing for an update on preparations for the severe weather.
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more:
Stand with President Obama in support of tax cuts for middle-class families:
"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." President Obama #ADA25
Another great night in O-H-I-O:
Today, Irish-Americans celebrate the tremendous influence that one small island with big-hearted people has had on our country.
Retweet to show your support for #WorkingFamilies.
As it makes tough cuts, the debt agreement also protects critical investments in education, job creation, Social Security, and Medicare.
It's #TimeForRealWork in Congress. It's time for a vote on #immigration reform in the House:
Instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. Say you're tired of the games:
Why it's such good news that the @CFPB finally has a director, and what it means to you:
They actually did it: The House just passed a resolution that risks a government shutdown to defund Obamacare. #EnoughAlready
Holding a news conference at 11am ET. Watch live at
RT @JoeBiden: Watch Vice President Biden s speech live:
"In no other nation on Earth could my story even be possible."
"I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong." President Obama #SOTU
President Obama: "We know what we re fighting for. We can see the America we believe in a country where everybody gets a fair shot."
Happy #EarthDay.
"The immigration reform we're proposing would boost our economy and shrink our deficits." President Obama #ActOnReform
The deadline to enter is today. This is your chance:
Retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait. #ActOnClimate
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today:
In an interview yesterday, President Obama shared his thoughts on fighting for #ABetterBargain. It's free to download
See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing:
Senate leaders should put the common good above politics the integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it. _
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garland say so.
[President Obama]'s fighting for small businesses like mine, which create 2 out of every 3 jobs in this country." Steven, Coral Gables, FL
This happened because of you. Thank you.
Go VIP at the DNC: Here s your chance to meet Barack and Michelle in Charlotte next month ---&gt;
RT @MichelleObama: The First Lady just joined Pinterest check out her special Father's Day board:
There is nothing more important to our country s future than the education we give our children. President Obama
Follow Julia from age 3 to 67 to see how the President's policies help women of all ages:
FACT: Renewable electricity generation from wind, solar, and geothermal sources has doubled since President Obama took office. #OFAClimate
"You and I, as citizens, have the power to set this country's course."
Each of us has a part to play in a clean-energy future. Add your name to support comprehensive energy and climate reform.
Upheld:
From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude.
Watch the opening remarks from today's bipartisan meeting on #HCR:
"We helped millions of responsible homeowners stay in their homes." President Obama #ABetterBargain
VP Biden on Iran: "These are the most crippling sanctions in the history of sanctions. Period."
RT @Obama2012: POTUS: Warren Buffett is paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. Now that s wrong. That s not fair." #BuffettRule
We ve made too much progress to return to the policies that got us into this mess in the first place.
President Obama: I don t accept the notion that we should deny any child the chance to get a higher education.
"We cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they do not have the capacity to repair." President Obama #ActOnClimate
This is simple: Repeal means taking health care away from millions. #WhatRepealMeans
As of today, health insurance plans will begin to cover contraception as part of women's preventive care without copay:
"I commend the Massachusetts Legislature for ... taking action toward raising the state s minimum wage." President Obama
Take this short survey about health care:
Last call for dinner with the Obamas enter to win before midnight:
President Obama is making sure immigration courts focus on cases that make our country safer. Show your support:
"I want us to have the best educated workforce in America, and I want it to be the most diverse workforce in the world." President Obama
Missed the primetime news conference last night? Watch it here and declare your support:
Romney said during last night's debate that he wants to give relief to the middle class. But his tax plan wouldn't:
How much longer will 1.6 million American job seekers go without unemployment insurance? #RenewUI
Is encouraging everyone to tell friends in Wisconsin to vote until 8pm tonight. And tell friends in Hawaii to get to their caucus by 6:30pm!
Earning the minimum wage while raising a family shouldn't mean living in poverty. It's time to #RaiseTheWage:
RT @AEJenks: #Obama2012 supporter Lisa making calls for the #NVCaucus!
President Obama: Changing the way we use energy is just one of the ways Americans have been working to move this country forward.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on the launch of the new health insurance marketplace:
"Few Americans give more to their country than our diplomats and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces." President Obama
Show off the hottest label in town with our Obama-Biden 2012 T-shirt:
President Obama to the House of Representatives on #immigration reform: "Get that bill on the floor. Put it up for a vote."
The reforms we're about to achieve will offer immediate benefits to families and small businesses:
Use #TheyDeserveAVote to share why you think it's time for Congress to protect our kids and communities by reducing gun violence.
"Tonight, after a breakthrough year for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." President Obama
Joining @OFA_WI in Madison on Tuesday for a Moving America Forward organizing rally.
Republicans have promised to roll back health reform so that insurance companies can go back to denying you coverage when you get sick.
In Denver, CO. At an "Early Vote for Change" rally. Watch it live at
This is a big deadline don't miss out.
Here's the best place to watch President Obama deliver his sixth State of the Union at 9:00 p.m. ET:
"What makes someone American is not just blood or birth, but allegiance to our founding principles." President Obama
So what's Romney hiding? Tweet @MittRomney to demand he release his tax returns. #WhatsRomneyHiding
This is important: For new health plans that start January 1st, enrollment has to happen by #Dec23. Spread the word:
"As commander in chief, I have a deeply held preference for peace over war." President Obama at #AIPAC:
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials' conference.
.@DavidAxelrod will be answering your questions right after the President's speech ask yours now with #Obama2012.
Thousands of furloughed workers have waited long enough for Congress to act on the shutdown.
FACT: In 2010, only half of all Latino Americans said they were registered to vote. You can change that:
At Penn State University to speak about American innovation. Watch live at noon ET:
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to make gun violence prevention a priority. #WhatWillItTake
Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one _
Sad fact: On average, a full-time working woman earns just $0.77 for every $1 that a man earns.
POTUS on his grandmother: "She could be independent because of Social Security &amp; Medicare. She had worked all her life, put in this money."
"Congress should do the right thing and restore this economic lifeline for millions of Americans." President Obama #RenewUI
President Obama: In the end, that s what this is all about: Giving our kids the best possible shot at life.
Does your representative support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence? Call &amp; ask now:
Don't miss the President's speech tomorrow: RSVP to watch it live at 1:45 pm ET.
Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them?
For Gabby, and every victim of gun violence, #WeDemandAVote:
"Let s double down on a clean energy future that s never been more promising for our economy, our security, &amp; for the safety of our planet."
Jogging buddies.
Congress can act right now to stop taxes from going up on middle-class families. Tell them why they should:
LIVE: @FLOTUS closes out the @WhiteHouse Summit on Working Families. Tune in:
President Obama has a message for @OFA supporters on the work ahead:
We have come so far. We have seen so much. But there s so much more to do.
Pitch in $5 or more today to help make sure we can keep out-organizing the other side:
"America's small businesses reflect the best of who we are as a nation." President Obama on the 50th National Small Business Week #smallbiz
Filled out your bracket yet? Test your hoops knowledge against President Obama s:
Add your name:
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the need for comprehensive immigration reform.
That's more than $47 million for the campaign and $38 million for the DNC, including allocations from our joint fundraising committee.
We all have a stake in Wall St. reform this bill represents history's strongest consumer financial protections. Watch:
The coolest thing about a record 10,000,000 donations in 2012: every donation you make now sets a new one. Keep going:
I am beyond honored. I am deeply humbled to have the support of Gen. Colin Powell. Learn more at
President Obama wants to give America a raise. Watch him discuss the minimum wage at @UMich at 3:00 p.m. ET:
"Today, they re building and selling new cars at the fastest rate in eight years." President Obama #AmericaLeads
President Obama got a lift in Ft. Pierce, Florida today:
